Se aplica la siguiente política de privacidad en inglés. Para una orientación más sencilla, también hemos agregado una traducción no verificada de Google Translate.

We are very delighted that you have shown interest in our enterprise. Data protection is of a particularly high priority for the management of the Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG. The use of the Repetier software (Repetier-Host, Repetier-Server, Repetier-Informer) and Repetier websites (https://www.repetier.com, http://www.repetier-server.com, https://my.repetier.com, https://forum.repetier.com, http://www.repetier-apps.com, ...) managed by Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG are possible without any indication of personal data; however, if a data subject wants to use special enterprise services via our software, app or website, processing of personal data could become necessary. If the processing of personal data is necessary and there is no statutory basis for such processing, we generally obtain consent from the data subject.

The processing of personal data, such as the name, address, e-mail address, device ID or telephone number of a data subject shall always be in line with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), and in accordance with the country-specific data protection regulations applicable to the Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG. By means of this data protection declaration, our enterprise would like to inform the general public of the nature, scope, and purpose of the personal data we collect, use and process. Furthermore, data subjects are informed, by means of this data protection declaration, of the rights to which they are entitled.

As the controller, the Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG has implemented numerous technical and organizational measures to ensure the most complete protection of personal data processed through the Repetier software, apps and websites, which are stored on dedicated web servers operated by Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG. However, Internet-based data transmissions may in principle have security gaps, so absolute protection may not be guaranteed.

1. Definitions
The data protection declaration of the Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG is based on the terms used by the European legislator for the adoption of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). Our data protection declaration should be legible and understandable for the general public, as well as our customers and business partners. To ensure this, we would like to first explain the terminology used.

In this data protection declaration, we use, inter alia, the following terms:

a) Personal data
Personal data means any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person (“data subject”). An identifiable natural person is one who can be identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier or to one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity of that natural person.

b) Data subject
Data subject is any identified or identifiable natural person, whose personal data is processed by the controller responsible for the processing.

c) Processing
Processing is any operation or set of operations which is performed on personal data or on sets of personal data, whether or not by automated means, such as collection, recording, organisation, structuring, storage, adaptation or alteration, retrieval, consultation, use, disclosure by transmission, dissemination or otherwise making available, alignment or combination, restriction, erasure or destruction.

d) Restriction of processing
Restriction of processing is the marking of stored personal data with the aim of limiting their processing in the future.

e) Profiling
Profiling means any form of automated processing of personal data consisting of the use of personal data to evaluate certain personal aspects relating to a natural person, in particular to analyse or predict aspects concerning that natural person's performance at work, economic situation, health, personal preferences, interests, reliability, behaviour, location or movements.

f) Pseudonymisation
Pseudonymisation is the processing of personal data in such a manner that the personal data can no longer be attributed to a specific data subject without the use of additional information, provided that such additional information is kept separately and is subject to technical and organisational measures to ensure that the personal data are not attributed to an identified or identifiable natural person.

g) Controller or controller responsible for the processing
Controller or controller responsible for the processing is the natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which, alone or jointly with others, determines the purposes and means of the processing of personal data; where the purposes and means of such processing are determined by Union or Member State law, the controller or the specific criteria for its nomination may be provided for by Union or Member State law.

h) Processor
Processor is a natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which processes personal data on behalf of the controller.

i) Recipient
Recipient is a natural or legal person, public authority, agency or another body, to which the personal data are disclosed, whether a third party or not. However, public authorities which may receive personal data in the framework of a particular inquiry in accordance with Union or Member State law shall not be regarded as recipients; the processing of those data by those public authorities shall be in compliance with the applicable data protection rules according to the purposes of the processing.

j) Third party
Third party is a natural or legal person, public authority, agency or body other than the data subject, controller, processor and persons who, under the direct authority of the controller or processor, are authorised to process personal data.

k) Consent
Consent of the data subject is any freely given, specific, informed and unambiguous indication of the data subject's wishes by which he or she, by a statement or by a clear affirmative action, signifies agreement to the processing of personal data relating to him or her.

2. Name and Address of the controller
Controller for the purposes of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), other data protection laws applicable in Member states of the European Union and other provisions related to data protection is:

Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG

Knickelsdorf 42

47877 Willich

Germany

Phone: +49 (0)2154 – 60 65 18

Email: info@repetier.com

Websites: https://www.repetier.com, http://www.repetier-server.com, https://my.repetier.com, https://forum.repetier.com, http://www.repetier-apps.com, ...

3. Name and Address of the Data Protection Officer
The Data Protection Officer of the controller is:

Marcus Littwin
Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG

Knickelsdorf 42

47877 Willich

Germany

Phone: +49 (0)2154 – 60 65 18

Email: info@repetier.com

Websites: https://www.repetier.com, http://www.repetier-server.com, https://my.repetier.com, https://forum.repetier.com, http://www.repetier-apps.com, ...

Any data subject may, at any time, contact our Data Protection Officer directly with all questions and suggestions concerning data protection.

4. Cookies
The Internet pages of the Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG use cookies. Cookies are text files that are stored in a computer system via an Internet browser.

Many Internet sites and servers use cookies. Many cookies contain a so-called cookie ID. A cookie ID is a unique identifier of the cookie. It consists of a character string through which internet pages and servers can be assigned to the specific Internet browser in which the cookie was stored. This allows visited Internet sites and servers to differentiate the individual browser of the dats subject from other Internet browsers that contain other cookies. A specific internet browser can be recognized and identified using the unique cookie ID.

Through the use of cookies, the Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG can provide the users of this website with more user-friendly services that would not be possible without the cookie setting.

By means of a cookie, the information and offers on our website can be optimized with the user in mind. Cookies allow us, as previously mentioned, to recognize our website users. The purpose of this recognition is to make it easier for users to utilize our website. The website user that uses cookies, e.g. does not have to enter access data each time the website is accessed, because this is taken over by the website, and the cookie is thus stored on the user's computer system. Another example is the cookie of a shopping cart in an online shop. The online store remembers the articles that a customer has placed in the virtual shopping cart via a cookie.

The data subject may, at any time, prevent the setting of cookies through our website by means of a corresponding setting of the internet browser used, and may thus permanently deny the setting of cookies. Furthermore, already set cookies may be deleted at any time via an internet browser or other software programs. This is possible in all popular Internet browsers. If the data subject deactivates the setting of cookies in the Internet browser used, not all functions of our website may be entirely usable.

5. Collection of general data and information
The websites and the Repetier API (Application Programming Interface) of the Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG collects a series of general data and information when a data subject or automated system calls up the website or API. This general data and information are stored in the server log files. Collected may be (1) the browser types and versions used, (2) the operating system used by the accessing system, (3) the website from which an accessing system reaches our website (so-called referrers), (4) the sub-websites, (5) the date and time of access to the Internet site, (6) an Internet protocol address (IP address), (7) the Internet service provider of the accessing system, and (8) any other similar data and information that may be used in the event of attacks on our information technology systems.

When using these general data and information, the Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG does not draw any conclusions about the data subject. Rather, this information is needed to (1) deliver the content of our website correctly, (2) optimize the content of our website as well as its advertisement, (3) ensure the long-term viability of our information technology systems and website technology, and (4) provide law enforcement authorities with the information necessary for criminal prosecution in case of a cyber-attack. Therefore, the Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG analyzes anonymously collected data and information statistically, with the aim of increasing the data protection and data security of our enterprise, and to ensure an optimal level of protection for the personal data we process. The anonymous data of the server log files are stored separately from all personal data provided by a data subject.

6. Registration on our website
The data subject has the possibility to register on the websites of the controller with the indication of personal data. Which personal data are transmitted to the controller is determined by the respective input mask used for the registration. The personal data entered by the data subject are collected and stored exclusively for internal use by the controller, and for his own purposes. The controller may request transfer to one or more processors (e.g. a Apple or Google push message service) that also uses personal data for an internal purpose which is attributable to the controller. The controller will send an automatic confirmation e-mail to check the double opt-in procedure as to whether the owner of the specified e-mail address decided in favor of this option.

By registering on the website of the controller, the IP address—assigned by the Internet service provider (ISP) and used by the data subject—date, and time of the registration are also stored. The storage of this data takes place against the background that this is the only way to prevent the misuse of our services, and, if necessary, to make it possible to investigate committed offenses. Insofar, the storage of this data is necessary to secure the controller. This data is not passed on to third parties unless there is a statutory obligation to pass on the data, or if the transfer serves the aim of criminal prosecution.

The registration of the data subject, with the voluntary indication of personal data, is intended to enable the controller to offer the data subject contents or services that may only be offered to registered users due to the nature of the matter in question. Registered persons are free to change the personal data specified during the registration at any time, or to have them completely deleted from the data stock of the controller.

The data controller shall, at any time, provide information upon request to each data subject as to what personal data are stored about the data subject. In addition, the data controller shall correct or erase personal data at the request or indication of the data subject, insofar as there are no statutory storage obligations. A Data Protection Officer particularly designated in this data protection declaration, as well as the entirety of the controller’s employees are available to the data subject in this respect as contact persons.

7. Contact possibility via the website
The website of the Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG contains information that enables a quick electronic contact to our enterprise, as well as direct communication with us, which also includes a general address of the so-called electronic mail (e-mail address). If a data subject contacts the controller by e-mail or via a contact form, the personal data transmitted by the data subject are automatically stored. Such personal data transmitted on a voluntary basis by a data subject to the data controller are stored for the purpose of processing or contacting the data subject. There is no transfer of this personal data to third parties.

8. Comments function in the forum on the website
The Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG offers users the possibility to leave individual comments on individual forum contributions on a forum, which is on the website of the controller. A forum is a web-based, publicly-accessible portal, through which one or more people may post articles or write down thoughts in so-called forum posts. Forum posts may usually be commented by third parties.

If a data subject leaves a comment on the forum published on this website, the comments made by the data subject are also stored and published, as well as information on the date of the commentary and on the user's (pseudonym) chosen by the data subject. In addition, the IP address assigned by the Internet service provider (ISP) to the data subject is also logged. This storage of the IP address takes place for security reasons, and in case the data subject violates the rights of third parties, or posts illegal content through a given comment. The storage of these personal data is, therefore, in the own interest of the data controller, so that he can exculpate in the event of an infringement. This collected personal data will not be passed to third parties, unless such a transfer is required by law or serves the aim of the defense of the data controller.

9. Subscription to comments in the forum on the website
The comments made in the forum of the Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG may be subscribed to by third parties. In particular, there is the possibility that a commenter subscribes to the comments following his comments on a particular forum post.

The option to subscribe to comments may be terminated at any time.

10. Routine erasure and blocking of personal data
The data controller shall process and store the personal data of the data subject only for the period necessary to achieve the purpose of storage, or as far as this is granted by the European legislator or other legislators in laws or regulations to which the controller is subject to.

If the storage purpose is not applicable, or if a storage period prescribed by the European legislator or another competent legislator expires, the personal data are routinely blocked or erased in accordance with legal requirements.

11. Rights of the data subject
a) Right of confirmation
Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator to obtain from the controller the confirmation as to whether or not personal data concerning him or her are being processed. If a data subject wishes to avail himself of this right of confirmation, he or she may, at any time, contact our Data Protection Officer or another employee of the controller.

b) Right of access
Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator to obtain from the controller free information about his or her personal data stored at any time and a copy of this information. Furthermore, the European directives and regulations grant the data subject access to the following information:

the purposes of the processing;
the categories of personal data concerned;
the recipients or categories of recipients to whom the personal data have been or will be disclosed, in particular recipients in third countries or international organisations;
where possible, the envisaged period for which the personal data will be stored, or, if not possible, the criteria used to determine that period;
the existence of the right to request from the controller rectification or erasure of personal data, or restriction of processing of personal data concerning the data subject, or to object to such processing;
the existence of the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority;
where the personal data are not collected from the data subject, any available information as to their source;
the existence of automated decision-making, including profiling, referred to in Article 22(1) and (4) of the GDPR and, at least in those cases, meaningful information about the logic involved, as well as the significance and envisaged consequences of such processing for the data subject.
Furthermore, the data subject shall have a right to obtain information as to whether personal data are transferred to a third country or to an international organisation. Where this is the case, the data subject shall have the right to be informed of the appropriate safeguards relating to the transfer.

If a data subject wishes to avail himself of this right of access, he or she may at any time contact our Data Protection Officer or another employee of the controller.

c) Right to rectification
Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator to obtain from the controller without undue delay the rectification of inaccurate personal data concerning him or her. Taking into account the purposes of the processing, the data subject shall have the right to have incomplete personal data completed, including by means of providing a supplementary statement.

If a data subject wishes to exercise this right to rectification, he or she may, at any time, contact our Data Protection Officer or another employee of the controller.

d) Right to erasure (Right to be forgotten)
Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator to obtain from the controller the erasure of personal data concerning him or her without undue delay, and the controller shall have the obligation to erase personal data without undue delay where one of the following grounds applies, as long as the processing is not necessary:

The personal data are no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which they were collected or otherwise processed.
The data subject withdraws consent to which the processing is based according to point (a) of Article 6(1) of the GDPR, or point (a) of Article 9(2) of the GDPR, and where there is no other legal ground for the processing.
The data subject objects to the processing pursuant to Article 21(1) of the GDPR and there are no overriding legitimate grounds for the processing, or the data subject objects to the processing pursuant to Article 21(2) of the GDPR.
The personal data have been unlawfully processed.
The personal data must be erased for compliance with a legal obligation in Union or Member State law to which the controller is subject.
The personal data have been collected in relation to the offer of information society services referred to in Article 8(1) of the GDPR.
If one of the aforementioned reasons applies, and a data subject wishes to request the erasure of personal data stored by the Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG, he or she may at any time contact our Data Protection Officer or another employee of the controller. The Data Protection Officer of the Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG or another employee shall promptly ensure that the erasure request is complied with immediately.

Where the controller has made personal data public and is obliged pursuant to Article 17(1) to erase the personal data, the controller, taking account of available technology and the cost of implementation, shall take reasonable steps, including technical measures, to inform other controllers processing the personal data that the data subject has requested erasure by such controllers of any links to, or copy or replication of, those personal data, as far as processing is not required. The Data Protection Officer of the Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG or another employee will arrange the necessary measures in individual cases.

e) Right of restriction of processing
Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator to obtain from the controller restriction of processing where one of the following applies:

The accuracy of the personal data is contested by the data subject, for a period enabling the controller to verify the accuracy of the personal data.
The processing is unlawful and the data subject opposes the erasure of the personal data and requests instead the restriction of their use instead.
The controller no longer needs the personal data for the purposes of the processing, but they are required by the data subject for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.
The data subject has objected to processing pursuant to Article 21(1) of the GDPR pending the verification whether the legitimate grounds of the controller override those of the data subject.
If one of the aforementioned conditions is met, and a data subject wishes to request the restriction of the processing of personal data stored by the Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG, he or she may at any time contact our Data Protection Officer or another employee of the controller. The Data Protection Officer of the Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG or another employee will arrange the restriction of the processing.

f) Right to data portability
Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator, to receive the personal data concerning him or her, which was provided to a controller, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format. He or she shall have the right to transmit those data to another controller without hindrance from the controller to which the personal data have been provided, as long as the processing is based on consent pursuant to point (a) of Article 6(1) of the GDPR or point (a) of Article 9(2) of the GDPR, or on a contract pursuant to point (b) of Article 6(1) of the GDPR, and the processing is carried out by automated means, as long as the processing is not necessary for the performance of a task carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in the controller.

Furthermore, in exercising his or her right to data portability pursuant to Article 20(1) of the GDPR, the data subject shall have the right to have personal data transmitted directly from one controller to another, where technically feasible and when doing so does not adversely affect the rights and freedoms of others.

In order to assert the right to data portability, the data subject may at any time contact the Data Protection Officer designated by the Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG or another employee.

g) Right to object
Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator to object, on grounds relating to his or her particular situation, at any time, to processing of personal data concerning him or her, which is based on point (e) or (f) of Article 6(1) of the GDPR. This also applies to profiling based on these provisions.

The Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG shall no longer process the personal data in the event of the objection, unless we can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for the processing which override the interests, rights and freedoms of the data subject, or for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.

If the Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG processes personal data for direct marketing purposes, the data subject shall have the right to object at any time to processing of personal data concerning him or her for such marketing. This applies to profiling to the extent that it is related to such direct marketing. If the data subject objects to the Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG to the processing for direct marketing purposes, the Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG will no longer process the personal data for these purposes.

In addition, the data subject has the right, on grounds relating to his or her particular situation, to object to processing of personal data concerning him or her by the Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG for scientific or historical research purposes, or for statistical purposes pursuant to Article 89(1) of the GDPR, unless the processing is necessary for the performance of a task carried out for reasons of public interest.

In order to exercise the right to object, the data subject may directly contact the Data Protection Officer of the Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG or another employee. In addition, the data subject is free in the context of the use of information society services, and notwithstanding Directive 2002/58/EC, to use his or her right to object by automated means using technical specifications.

h) Automated individual decision-making, including profiling
Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator not to be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing, including profiling, which produces legal effects concerning him or her, or similarly significantly affects him or her, as long as the decision (1) is not is necessary for entering into, or the performance of, a contract between the data subject and a data controller, or (2) is not authorised by Union or Member State law to which the controller is subject and which also lays down suitable measures to safeguard the data subject's rights and freedoms and legitimate interests, or (3) is not based on the data subject's explicit consent.

If the decision (1) is necessary for entering into, or the performance of, a contract between the data subject and a data controller, or (2) it is based on the data subject's explicit consent, the Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG shall implement suitable measures to safeguard the data subject's rights and freedoms and legitimate interests, at least the right to obtain human intervention on the part of the controller, to express his or her point of view and contest the decision.

If the data subject wishes to exercise the rights concerning automated individual decision-making, he or she may at any time directly contact our Data Protection Officer of the Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG or another employee of the controller.

i) Right to withdraw data protection consent
Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator to withdraw his or her consent to processing of his or her personal data at any time.

f the data subject wishes to exercise the right to withdraw the consent, he or she may at any time directly contact our Data Protection Officer of the Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG or another employee of the controller.

12. Data protection for applications and the application procedures
The data controller shall collect and process the personal data of applicants for the purpose of the processing of the application procedure. The processing may also be carried out electronically. This is the case, in particular, if an applicant submits corresponding application documents by e-mail or by means of a web form on the website to the controller. If the data controller concludes an employment contract with an applicant, the submitted data will be stored for the purpose of processing the employment relationship in compliance with legal requirements. If no employment contract is concluded with the applicant by the controller, the application documents shall be automatically erased two months after notification of the refusal decision, provided that no other legitimate interests of the controller are opposed to the erasure. Other legitimate interest in this relation is, e.g. a burden of proof in a procedure under the General Equal Treatment Act (AGG).

13. Data protection provisions about the application and use of Facebook
On this website, the controller has integrated components of the enterprise Facebook. Facebook is a social network.

A social network is a place for social meetings on the Internet, an online community, which usually allows users to communicate with each other and interact in a virtual space. A social network may serve as a platform for the exchange of opinions and experiences, or enable the Internet community to provide personal or business-related information. Facebook allows social network users to include the creation of private profiles, upload photos, and network through friend requests.

The operating company of Facebook is Facebook, Inc., 1 Hacker Way, Menlo Park, CA 94025, United States. If a person lives outside of the United States or Canada, the controller is the Facebook Ireland Ltd., 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour, Dublin 2, Ireland.

With each call-up to one of the individual pages of this Internet website, which is operated by the controller and into which a Facebook component (Facebook plug-ins) was integrated, the web browser on the information technology system of the data subject is automatically prompted to download display of the corresponding Facebook component from Facebook through the Facebook component. An overview of all the Facebook Plug-ins may be accessed under https://developers.facebook.com/docs/plugins/. During the course of this technical procedure, Facebook is made aware of what specific sub-site of our website was visited by the data subject.

If the data subject is logged in at the same time on Facebook, Facebook detects with every call-up to our website by the data subject—and for the entire duration of their stay on our Internet site—which specific sub-site of our Internet page was visited by the data subject. This information is collected through the Facebook component and associated with the respective Facebook account of the data subject. If the data subject clicks on one of the Facebook buttons integrated into our website, e.g. the "Like" button, or if the data subject submits a comment, then Facebook matches this information with the personal Facebook user account of the data subject and stores the personal data.

Facebook always receives, through the Facebook component, information about a visit to our website by the data subject, whenever the data subject is logged in at the same time on Facebook during the time of the call-up to our website. This occurs regardless of whether the data subject clicks on the Facebook component or not. If such a transmission of information to Facebook is not desirable for the data subject, then he or she may prevent this by logging off from their Facebook account before a call-up to our website is made.

The data protection guideline published by Facebook, which is available at https://facebook.com/about/privacy/, provides information about the collection, processing and use of personal data by Facebook. In addition, it is explained there what setting options Facebook offers to protect the privacy of the data subject. In addition, different configuration options are made available to allow the elimination of data transmission to Facebook. These applications may be used by the data subject to eliminate a data transmission to Facebook.

14. Data protection provisions about the application and use of Matomo
On this website, the controller has integrated the Matomo component. Matomo is an open-source software tool for web analysis. Web analysis is the collection, gathering and evaluation of data on the behavior of visitors from Internet sites. A web analysis tool collects, inter alia, data on the website from which a data subject came to a website (so-called referrer), which pages of the website were accessed or how often and for which period of time a sub-page was viewed. A web analysis is mainly used for the optimization of a website and the cost-benefit analysis of Internet advertising.

The software is operated on the server of the controller, the data protection-sensitive log files are stored exclusively on this server.

The purpose of the Matomo component is the analysis of the visitor flows on our website. The controller uses the obtained data and information, inter alia, to evaluate the use of this website in order to compile online reports, which show the activities on our Internet pages.

Matomo sets a cookie on the information technology system of the data subject. The definition of cookies is explained above. With the setting of the cookie, an analysis of the use of our website is enabled. With each call-up to one of the individual pages of this website, the Internet browser on the information technology system of the data subject is automatically through the Matomo component prompted to submit data for the purpose of online analysis to our server. During the course of this technical procedure, we obtain knowledge about personal information, such as the IP address of the data subject, which serves to understand the origin of visitors and clicks. Matomo uses only anonymous IP data. Matomo stores in the database each new visitor IP address (ipv4 or ipv6 format) with the last components removed to protect user’s privacy.

The cookie is used to store personal information, such as the access time, the location from which access was made, and the frequency of visits to our website. With each visit of our Internet pages, these personal data, including the IP address of the Internet access used by the data subject, are transferred to our server. These personal data will be stored by us with IP anonymisation. We do not forward this personal data to third parties.

The data subject may, as stated above, prevent the setting of cookies through our website at any time by means of a corresponding adjustment of the web browser used and thus permanently deny the setting of cookies. Such an adjustment to the used Internet browser would also prevent Matomo from setting a cookie on the information technology system of the data subject. In addition, cookies already in use by Matomo may be deleted at any time via a web browser or other software programs.

In addition, the data subject has the possibility of objecting to a collection of data relating to a use of this Internet site that are generated by Matomo as well as the processing of these data by Matomo and the chance to preclude any such. For this, the data subject must set an opt-out cookie:

The opt-out cookie that is set for this purpose is placed on the information technology system used by the data subject. If the cookies are deleted on the system of the data subject, then the data subject must call-up the link again and set a new opt-out cookie.

With each setting of the opt-out cookie, however, there is the possibility that the websites of the controller are no longer fully usable for the data subject.

Further information and the applicable data protection provisions of Matomo may be retrieved under https://matomo.org/privacy/.

15. Data protection provisions about the application and use of Twitter
On this website, the controller has integrated components of Twitter. Twitter is a multilingual, publicly-accessible microblogging service on which users may publish and spread so-called ‘tweets,’ e.g. short messages, which are limited to 140 characters. These short messages are available for everyone, including those who are not logged on to Twitter. The tweets are also displayed to so-called followers of the respective user. Followers are other Twitter users who follow a user's tweets. Furthermore, Twitter allows you to address a wide audience via hashtags, links or retweets.

The operating company of Twitter is Twitter, Inc., 1355 Market Street, Suite 900, San Francisco, CA 94103, UNITED STATES.

With each call-up to one of the individual pages of this Internet site, which is operated by the controller and on which a Twitter component (Twitter button) was integrated, the Internet browser on the information technology system of the data subject is automatically prompted to download a display of the corresponding Twitter component of Twitter. Further information about the Twitter buttons is available under https://about.twitter.com/de/resources/buttons. During the course of this technical procedure, Twitter gains knowledge of what specific sub-page of our website was visited by the data subject. The purpose of the integration of the Twitter component is a retransmission of the contents of this website to allow our users to introduce this web page to the digital world and increase our visitor numbers.

If the data subject is logged in at the same time on Twitter, Twitter detects with every call-up to our website by the data subject and for the entire duration of their stay on our Internet site which specific sub-page of our Internet page was visited by the data subject. This information is collected through the Twitter component and associated with the respective Twitter account of the data subject. If the data subject clicks on one of the Twitter buttons integrated on our website, then Twitter assigns this information to the personal Twitter user account of the data subject and stores the personal data.

Twitter receives information via the Twitter component that the data subject has visited our website, provided that the data subject is logged in on Twitter at the time of the call-up to our website. This occurs regardless of whether the person clicks on the Twitter component or not. If such a transmission of information to Twitter is not desirable for the data subject, then he or she may prevent this by logging off from their Twitter account before a call-up to our website is made.

The applicable data protection provisions of Twitter may be accessed under https://twitter.com/privacy?lang=en.

16. Data protection provisions about the application and use of YouTube
On this website, the controller has integrated components of YouTube. YouTube is an Internet video portal that enables video publishers to set video clips and other users free of charge, which also provides free viewing, review and commenting on them. YouTube allows you to publish all kinds of videos, so you can access both full movies and TV broadcasts, as well as music videos, trailers, and videos made by users via the Internet portal.

The operating company of YouTube is YouTube, LLC, 901 Cherry Ave., San Bruno, CA 94066, UNITED STATES. The YouTube, LLC is a subsidiary of Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Pkwy, Mountain View, CA 94043-1351, UNITED STATES.

With each call-up to one of the individual pages of this Internet site, which is operated by the controller and on which a YouTube component (YouTube video) was integrated, the Internet browser on the information technology system of the data subject is automatically prompted to download a display of the corresponding YouTube component. Further information about YouTube may be obtained under https://www.youtube.com/intl/en/yt/about/. During the course of this technical procedure, YouTube and Google gain knowledge of what specific sub-page of our website was visited by the data subject.

If the data subject is logged in on YouTube, YouTube recognizes with each call-up to a sub-page that contains a YouTube video, which specific sub-page of our Internet site was visited by the data subject. This information is collected by YouTube and Google and assigned to the respective YouTube account of the data subject.

YouTube and Google will receive information through the YouTube component that the data subject has visited our website, if the data subject at the time of the call to our website is logged in on YouTube; this occurs regardless of whether the person clicks on a YouTube video or not. If such a transmission of this information to YouTube and Google is not desirable for the data subject, the delivery may be prevented if the data subject logs off from their own YouTube account before a call-up to our website is made.

YouTube's data protection provisions, available at https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/, provide information about the collection, processing and use of personal data by YouTube and Google.

17. Data protection provisions about the application and use of Google Cloud Messaging (CGM)
In the android Repetier-Informer app, the controller has integrated components of Google. The android Repetier-Informer app uses Google Cloud Messaging (GCM) to provide information to mobile end devices, which can then use it in the Repetier-Informer app.

The operating company of Google is Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Pkwy, Mountain View, CA 94043-1351, UNITED STATES.

When setting up the Repetier-Informer app, an existing group with corresponding group ID is entered or a new group is created. Here we receive from Google the device ID to which we can send push messages.

With each message we transmit the message text and if specified a link via GCM to a specific Google device ID, so that the Repetier-Informer app receives this data.

Google's data protection provisions, available at https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/, provide information about the collection, processing and use of personal data by Google.

18. Data protection provisions about the application and use of Apple Push Notification service (APNs)
In the iOS Repetier-Informer app, the controller has integrated components of Apple. The iOS Repetier-Informer app uses Apple Push Notification service (APNs) to provide information to mobile end devices, which can then use it in the Repetier-Informer app.

The operating company of Apple is Apple, 1 Infinite Loop, Cupertino, CA 95014, UNITED STATES.

When setting up the Repetier-Informer app, an existing group with corresponding group ID is entered or a new group is created. Here we receive from Apple the device ID to which we can send push messages.

With each message we transmit the message text and if specified a link via APNs to a specific Apple device ID, so that the Repetier-Informer app receives this data.

Apple’s data protection provisions, available at https://www.apple.com/privacy/, provide information about the collection, processing and use of personal data by Apple.

19. Stop receiving push messages from Repetier-Informer
The only aim of the Repetier-Informer app is that the programs like Repetier-Server and Repetier-Host, both developed by Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG, send status messages of your 3d printer via push message to your smartphones and / or tablets.

If you do not want to receive push messages on your smartphone or tablet, you can delete the assigned groups in the app settings, you can uninstall the app or you can deactivate push messages in Repetier-Host and / or Repetier-Server.

20. Payment Method: Data protection provisions about the use of PayPal as a payment processor
On this website, the controller has integrated components of PayPal. PayPal is an online payment service provider. Payments are processed via so-called PayPal accounts, which represent virtual private or business accounts. PayPal is also able to process virtual payments through credit cards when a user does not have a PayPal account. A PayPal account is managed via an e-mail address, which is why there are no classic account numbers. PayPal makes it possible to trigger online payments to third parties or to receive payments. PayPal also accepts trustee functions and offers buyer protection services.

The European operating company of PayPal is PayPal (Europe) S.à.r.l. & Cie. S.C.A., 22-24 Boulevard Royal, 2449 Luxembourg, Luxembourg.

If the data subject chooses "PayPal" as the payment option in the online shop during the ordering process, we automatically transmit the data of the data subject to PayPal. By selecting this payment option, the data subject agrees to the transfer of personal data required for payment processing.

The personal data transmitted to PayPal is usually first name, last name, address, email address, IP address, telephone number, mobile phone number, or other data necessary for payment processing. The processing of the purchase contract also requires such personal data, which are in connection with the respective order.

The transmission of the data is aimed at payment processing and fraud prevention. The controller will transfer personal data to PayPal, in particular, if a legitimate interest in the transmission is given. The personal data exchanged between PayPal and the controller for the processing of the data will be transmitted by PayPal to economic credit agencies. This transmission is intended for identity and creditworthiness checks.

PayPal will, if necessary, pass on personal data to affiliates and service providers or subcontractors to the extent that this is necessary to fulfill contractual obligations or for data to be processed in the order.

The data subject has the possibility to revoke consent for the handling of personal data at any time from PayPal. A revocation shall not have any effect on personal data which must be processed, used or transmitted in accordance with (contractual) payment processing.

The applicable data protection provisions of PayPal may be retrieved under https://www.paypal.com/us/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-full.

21. Data transmission of Repetier-Host
Repetier-Host only connects to the web servers of Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG to check for updates or to download advertising contents. If the data subject uses a customized host version of a third party, the host may connect to a web server of a third party to check for updates. In the program are some links to web pages which can be opened in the standard browser by clicking on them.

Repetier-Host can communicate with Repetier-Server instances, that may run on other computers, if they were explicitly connected. Repetier-Host can send and / or receive data to / from Repetier-Server like g-codes, models, images, printer information, information about all stored models, … to control 3d printers and manage stored data.

Repetier-Host can send 3d status messages to the Repetier-Informer app, if the connection was explicitly configured.

22. Data transmission of Repetier-Server
Repetier-Server only connects to the web servers of Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG to check for updates and to validate an entered license key. If the data subject uses a customized Repetier-Server version of a third party, the server may connect to a web server of a third party to check for updates. In the program are some links to web pages which can be opened in the standard browser by clicking on them.

Repetier-Server can communicate with Repetier-Host instances, that may run on other computers, if they were explicitly connected. Repetier-Server can send and / or receive data to / from Repetier-Host like g-codes, models, images, printer information, information about all stored models, … to control 3d printers and manage stored data.

Repetier-Server can send 3d status messages to the Repetier-Informer app, if the connection was explicitly configured.

Repetier-Server works like a web server and can be accessed by any recent web browser. Depending on the user’s network configuration, this can be internal only or globally. For this reason we highly recommend to enable user authentication in Repetier-Server.

The data subject can connect Repetier-Server to the Repetier cloud services to get full access to connected Repetier-Server instances from everywhere to authorized users via https://my.repetier.com. To allow this functionality, the Repetier cloud services need to store additional data and also may cache server states, images and process data sent from the Repetier-Server.

23. Legal basis for the processing
Art. 6(1) lit. a GDPR serves as the legal basis for processing operations for which we obtain consent for a specific processing purpose. If the processing of personal data is necessary for the performance of a contract to which the data subject is party, as is the case, for example, when processing operations are necessary for the supply of goods or to provide any other service, the processing is based on Article 6(1) lit. b GDPR. The same applies to such processing operations which are necessary for carrying out pre-contractual measures, for example in the case of inquiries concerning our products or services. Is our company subject to a legal obligation by which processing of personal data is required, such as for the fulfillment of tax obligations, the processing is based on Art. 6(1) lit. c GDPR. In rare cases, the processing of personal data may be necessary to protect the vital interests of the data subject or of another natural person. This would be the case, for example, if a visitor were injured in our company and his name, age, health insurance data or other vital information would have to be passed on to a doctor, hospital or other third party. Then the processing would be based on Art. 6(1) lit. d GDPR. Finally, processing operations could be based on Article 6(1) lit. f GDPR. This legal basis is used for processing operations which are not covered by any of the abovementioned legal grounds, if processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by our company or by a third party, except where such interests are overridden by the interests or fundamental rights and freedoms of the data subject which require protection of personal data. Such processing operations are particularly permissible because they have been specifically mentioned by the European legislator. He considered that a legitimate interest could be assumed if the data subject is a client of the controller (Recital 47 Sentence 2 GDPR).

24. The legitimate interests pursued by the controller or by a third party
Where the processing of personal data is based on Article 6(1) lit. f GDPR our legitimate interest is to carry out our business in favor of the well-being of all our employees and the shareholders.

25. Period for which the personal data will be stored
The criteria used to determine the period of storage of personal data is the respective statutory retention period. After expiration of that period, the corresponding data is routinely deleted, as long as it is no longer necessary for the fulfillment of the contract or the initiation of a contract.

26. Provision of personal data as statutory or contractual requirement; Requirement necessary to enter into a contract; Obligation of the data subject to provide the personal data; possible consequences of failure to provide such data
We clarify that the provision of personal data is partly required by law (e.g. tax regulations) or can also result from contractual provisions (e.g. information on the contractual partner). Sometimes it may be necessary to conclude a contract that the data subject provides us with personal data, which must subsequently be processed by us. The data subject is, for example, obliged to provide us with personal data when our company signs a contract with him or her. The non-provision of the personal data would have the consequence that the contract with the data subject could not be concluded. Before personal data is provided by the data subject, the data subject must contact our Data Protection Officer. Our Data Protection Officer clarifies to the data subject whether the provision of the personal data is required by law or contract or is necessary for the conclusion of the contract, whether there is an obligation to provide the personal data and the consequences of non-provision of the personal data.

27. Existence of automated decision-making
As a responsible company, we do not use automatic decision-making or profiling.

This Privacy Policy has been generated by the Privacy Policy Generator of the External Data Protection Officer (https://dg-datenschutz.de/services/external-data-protection-officer/?lang=en) from DGD Deutsche Gesellschaft für Datenschutz GmbH, which has been developed in cooperation with WILDE BEUGER SOLMECKE | Lawyers (https://www.wbs-law.de/) and the used hardware dealer RC GmbH (http://remarketing.company/). The generated privacy policy has been changed and extended by Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG.

Aquí está la traducción no modificada de Google Translate:

Estamos muy encantados de que haya mostrado interés en nuestra empresa. La protección de datos es de una prioridad especial para la gestión de la Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG. El uso de la Repetier software ( Repetier-Host, Repetier-Server, Repetier-Informer) y Repetier sitios web (https://www.repetier.com, http://www.repetier-server.com, https://my.repetier.com, https://forum.repetier.com, http://www.repetier-apps.com, ...) gestionado por Hot-World GmbH & Co. KGson posibles sin ninguna indicación de los datos personales; Sin embargo, si un sujeto de datos quiere usar los servicios especiales de la empresa a través de nuestro software, aplicación o sitio web, el procesamiento de los datos personales podría llegar a ser necesario. Si el procesamiento de datos personales es necesario y no hay base legal para su proceso, por lo general, obtener el consentimiento del titular de los datos.

El tratamiento de los datos personales, como el nombre, dirección, dirección de correo electrónico, ID de dispositivo o número de teléfono de un sujeto de los datos será siempre de acuerdo con el Reglamento de Protección de Datos (GDPR), y de acuerdo con el país-específica la normativa de protección de datos aplicables a la Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG. Por medio de esta declaración de protección de datos, nuestra empresa desea informar al público en general de la naturaleza, alcance y finalidad de los datos personales que recopilamos, el uso y el proceso. Por otra parte, se informa a los interesados, por medio de esta declaración de protección de datos, de los derechos que les corresponden.

Como el controlador, el Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG ha puesto en marcha numerosas medidas técnicas y organizativas necesarias para garantizar la protección más completa de los datos personales tratados a través de la Repetier software, aplicaciones y sitios web, que se almacenan en los servidores web dedicados operados por Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG. Sin embargo, las transmisiones de datos a través de Internet pueden tener, en principio las brechas de seguridad, por lo que la protección absoluta no puede ser garantizada.

1. Definiciones
La declaración de protección de datos de la Hot-World GmbH & Co. KGse basa en los términos utilizados por el legislador europeo para la aprobación del Reglamento de Protección de Datos (GDPR). Nuestra declaración de protección de datos debe ser legible y comprensible para el público en general, así como a nuestros clientes y socios de negocios. Para asegurar esto, nos gustaría explicar primero la terminología utilizada.

En esta declaración de protección de datos, se utiliza, entre otras cosas, los siguientes términos:

a) Datos personales
datos de carácter personal: cualquier información relativa a una persona física identificada o identificable (el “interesado”). Una persona física identificable es uno que puede ser identificada, directa o indirectamente, en particular por referencia a un identificador tal como un nombre, un número de identificación, datos de ubicación, un identificador de línea o a uno o más factores específicos de la física, fisiológica, identidad genética, psíquica, económica, cultural o social de la persona física.

b) Información sujeta
interesado sea una persona física identificada o identificable, cuyos datos personales sean procesados ​​por el controlador responsable del tratamiento.

c) Procesamiento
El procesamiento es cualquier operación o conjunto de operaciones, se realiza sobre datos personales o en conjuntos de datos personales, ya sea o no por medios automatizados, como la recogida, registro, organización, estructuración, almacenamiento, adaptación o modificación, extracción, consulta, utilización, comunicación por transmisión, difusión o hacer disponible de otra manera, la alineación o combinación, la restricción, supresión o destrucción.

d) Restricción del procesamiento
Restricción de procesamiento es el marcado de los datos almacenados de carácter personal con el fin de limitar su tratamiento en el futuro.

e) Perfiles
Medios de perfilado cualquier forma de tratamiento automatizado de los datos personales que consisten en el uso de los datos personales a evaluar determinados aspectos de la personalidad de una persona física, en particular, para analizar o predecir los aspectos relativos a que la actuación de persona física en el trabajo, la situación económica, la salud, las preferencias personales , los intereses, la fiabilidad, la conducta, la ubicación o movimientos.

f) seudonimización
Seudonimización es el tratamiento de los datos personales de tal manera que los datos personales no se pueden atribuir a un objeto de datos específico sin el uso de información adicional, siempre que dicha información adicional se mantiene separado y está sujeta a las medidas técnicas y organizativas necesarias para garantizar que los datos personales no se atribuyen a una persona física identificada o identificable.

g) Controller o controlador responsable del procesamiento
Controlador o controlador responsable del tratamiento es la persona física o jurídica, autoridad pública, servicio o cualquier otro organismo que, solo o conjuntamente con otros, determina los fines y los medios del tratamiento de datos personales; cuando los fines y medios procedentes de estos tratamientos están determinadas por la Unión o la ley del Estado miembro, el tratamiento o los criterios específicos para su nombramiento podrán ser establecida por la Unión o del Estado miembro ley.

h) Procesador
Procesador es una persona física o jurídica, autoridad pública, servicio o cualquier otro organismo que trate datos personales por cuenta del responsable del tratamiento.

i) Beneficiario
El destinatario es una persona física o jurídica, autoridad pública, servicio o otro cuerpo, a la que se comuniquen los datos personales, ya sea un tercero o no. Sin embargo, las autoridades públicas que podrán recibir los datos personales en el marco de una investigación específica de acuerdo con el Derecho de la Unión o del Estado miembro, no se considerarán como receptores; el tratamiento de dichos datos por los poderes públicos debe cumplir con las normas de protección de datos aplicables de acuerdo con los fines del tratamiento.

j) En tercer partido
Tercero es una persona física o jurídica, autoridad pública, servicio o cualquier otro organismo distinto del interesado, controlador, procesador y las personas que, bajo la autoridad directa del controlador o procesador, están autorizadas para tratar los datos personales.

k) Consentimiento
Consentimiento del titular de los datos se da libremente, indicación específica, informada e inequívoca de los deseos de los interesados ​​por el cual él o ella, de una declaración o por una acción afirmativa clara, significa acuerdo para el tratamiento de datos personales relativos a él o ella .

2. Nombre y dirección del responsable del tratamiento
Controlador para los fines del Reglamento General de Protección de Datos (GDPR), otras leyes de protección de datos aplicables en los Estados miembros de la Unión Europea y otras disposiciones relativas a la protección de datos es:

Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG

Knickelsdorf 42

47877 Willich

Alemania

Teléfono: +49 (0) 2154 - 60 65 18

Email: info@repetier.com

sitios web: https://www.repetier.com, http://www.repetier-server.com, https://my.repetier.com, https://forum.repetier.com, http://www.repetier-apps.com, ...

3. Nombre y dirección del responsable de la protección de datos
La protección de datos del controlador es:

Marcus Littwin
Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG

Knickelsdorf 42

47877 Willich

Alemania

Teléfono: +49 (0) 2154 - 60 65 18

Email: info@repetier.com

sitios web: https://www.repetier.com, http://www.repetier-server.com, https://my.repetier.com, https://forum.repetier.com, http://www.repetier-apps.com, ...

Cualquier interesado podrá, en cualquier momento, en contacto con nuestro responsable de protección de datos directamente con todas las preguntas y sugerencias relativas a la protección de datos.

4. cookies
Las páginas de Internet de la Hot-World GmbH & Co. KGutilizar cookies. Las cookies son archivos de texto que se almacenan en un sistema de ordenador a través de un navegador de Internet.

Muchos sitios de Internet y servidores utilizan cookies. Muchas galletas contienen una llamada ID de cookie. Un ID cookie es un identificador único de la cookie. Se compone de una cadena de caracteres a través del cual las páginas de Internet y los servidores se pueden asignar al navegador de Internet específica en la que se almacena la cookie. Esto permite a los sitios visitados y servidores de Internet para diferenciar el navegador individual de los sujetos dats de otros navegadores de Internet que contienen otras cookies. Un navegador de Internet específico puede ser reconocido e identificado mediante el ID de cookie única.

A través del uso de cookies, las Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG puede proporcionar a los usuarios de este sitio web con los servicios más fáciles de usar que no serían posibles sin la configuración de cookies.

Por medio de una cookie, la información y ofertas en nuestra página web se pueden optimizar con el usuario en mente. Las cookies nos permiten, como se mencionó anteriormente, reconocemos a nuestros usuarios del sitio web. El propósito de este reconocimiento es para que sea más fácil para los usuarios utilizar nuestra página web. El usuario del sitio web que utiliza las cookies, por ejemplo, no tiene que introducir los datos de acceso cada vez que se accede al sitio web, ya que este es asumida por el sitio web, y por lo tanto la cookie se almacena en el sistema informático del usuario. Otro ejemplo es la cookie de un carrito de la compra en una tienda online. La tienda en línea se acuerda de los artículos que un cliente ha colocado en el carrito de la compra virtual a través de una cookie.

El interesado podrá, en cualquier momento, impedir la instalación de cookies a través de nuestra página web por medio de un ajuste correspondiente del navegador de Internet utilizado, y por lo tanto puede denegar definitivamente la instalación de cookies. Por otra parte, las galletas ya establecidos se pueden eliminar en cualquier momento a través de un navegador de Internet o de otros programas de software. Esto es posible en todos los navegadores de Internet populares. Si el interesado se desactiva la configuración de las cookies en el navegador de Internet utilizado, no todas las funciones de nuestro sitio web pueden ser totalmente utilizable.

5. Recogida de datos generales e información
Los sitios web y la Repetier API (interfaz de programación de aplicaciones) de la Hot-World GmbH & Co. KGrecoge una serie de datos generales e información cuando un titular de los datos o el sistema automatizado se llama al sitio web o API. Estos datos de información general y se almacenan en los archivos de registro del servidor. Recogidos pueden ser (1) los tipos de navegador y versiones utilizadas, (2) el sistema operativo utilizado por el sistema de acceso, (3) el sitio web de la que un sistema que accede alcanza nuestro sitio Web (llamados los referentes), (4) la sub -websites, (5) la fecha y hora de acceso al sitio de Internet, (6) una dirección de protocolo de Internet (IP), (7) el proveedor de servicios de Internet del sistema de acceso, y (8) cualquier otro dato y similares información que pueda ser utilizada en caso de ataques a nuestros sistemas de tecnología de la información.

Cuando se utilizan estos datos generales e información, las Hot-World GmbH & Co. KGno sacar conclusiones sobre el tema de datos. Más bien, esta información es necesaria para (1) entregar el contenido de nuestra página web correctamente, (2) optimizar el contenido de nuestra página web, así como su publicidad, (3) asegurar la viabilidad a largo plazo de nuestros sistemas de tecnología de la información y la tecnología web y (4) proporcionar a las autoridades policiales con la información necesaria para la persecución penal en caso de un ataque cibernético. Por lo tanto, la Hot-World GmbH & Co. KGanálisis anónima recogida de datos e información estadística, con el objetivo de aumentar la protección de datos y seguridad de los datos de nuestra empresa, y para garantizar un nivel óptimo de protección de los datos personales que procesamos. Los datos anónimos de los archivos de registro del servidor se almacenan por separado de los datos personales suministrados por el interesado.

6. Registro en nuestro sitio web
El interesado tiene la posibilidad de inscribirse en los sitios web del controlador con la indicación de los datos personales. Qué datos personales se transmiten al controlador está determinado por la máscara de entrada respectivo utilizado para el registro. Los datos personales introducidos por el titular de los datos son recogidos y almacenados exclusivamente para uso interno del controlador, y para sus propios fines. El controlador puede solicitar la transferencia de uno o más procesadores (por ejemplo, un servicio de mensajes push de Apple o Google) que también utiliza los datos personales para un propósito interno que es atribuible a la controladora. El controlador enviará un correo electrónico de confirmación automática para comprobar el procedimiento de doble opt-in en cuanto a si el titular de la dirección de correo electrónico especificada decidió a favor de esta opción.

Al registrarse en el sitio web del regulador, la dirección de IP-asignada por el proveedor de servicios de Internet (ISP) y usada por el afectado, fecha y hora del registro también se almacenan. El almacenamiento de estos datos se lleva a cabo en el contexto de que esta es la única manera de prevenir el mal uso de nuestros servicios, y, si es necesario, para que sea posible para investigar los delitos cometidos. En la medida, es necesario el almacenamiento de estos datos para asegurar el controlador. Estos datos no se transmite a terceros a menos que exista una obligación legal de transmitir los datos, o si el traslado contribuya a la finalidad de la persecución penal.

El registro de la persona afectada, con la indicación voluntaria de los datos personales, tiene por objeto permitir al controlador para ofrecer los contenidos o servicios de datos sujetos que sólo pueden ser ofrecidos a los usuarios registrados, debido a la naturaleza de la materia en cuestión. las personas registradas son libres de cambiar los datos personales especificados durante el registro en cualquier momento, o para tenerlos completamente borrado de los datos de saldos del controlador.

El responsable del fichero o, en cualquier momento, proporcionar información a petición a cada titular de los datos en cuanto a qué se almacenan los datos personales de la persona interesada. Además, el responsable del fichero o rectificación o supresión de datos personales en la solicitud o una indicación de la persona afectada, la medida en que no existen obligaciones legales de almacenamiento. Un responsable de protección de datos designados especialmente en esta declaración de protección de datos, así como la totalidad de los empleados del controlador están a disposición del titular de los datos a este respecto como personas de contacto.

7. Contacto posibilidad a través de la página web
La página web de la Hot-World GmbH & Co. KGcontiene información que permite un contacto electrónico rápido a nuestra empresa, así como la comunicación directa con nosotros, que también incluye una dirección general de la denominada correo electrónico (e-mail). Si un sujeto de datos en contacto con el controlador por correo electrónico o por medio de un formulario de contacto, los datos personales transmitidos por el sujeto de los datos se almacenan de forma automática. Tales datos personales transmitidos de forma voluntaria por un sujeto de datos al controlador de datos se almacenan para el propósito de procesamiento o en contacto con el objeto de datos. No hay transferencia de estos datos personales a terceros.

8. Comentarios función en el foro en el sitio web
los Hot-World GmbH & Co. KGofrece a los usuarios la posibilidad de dejar comentarios individuales sobre las contribuciones individuales foro en un foro, que se encuentra en el sitio web del regulador. Un foro es un portal de acceso público basado en la web, a través del cual una o más personas pueden publicar artículos o escribir pensamientos en los llamados mensajes en el foro. mensajes en el foro pueden ser comentadas por lo general por parte de terceros.

Si el interesado deja un comentario en el foro publicada en este sitio web, las observaciones formuladas por el titular de los datos también se almacenan y se publican, así como información sobre la fecha del comentario y el del usuario (seudónimo) elegida por el interesado . Además, la dirección IP asignada por el proveedor de servicios de Internet (ISP) para el tema de datos también se registra. Esta toma de almacenamiento de la dirección IP a cabo por razones de seguridad, y en caso de que el titular de los datos viola los derechos de terceros, o mensajes de contenido ilegal a través de un comentario dado. El almacenamiento de estos datos personales es, por lo tanto, en el propio interés del responsable del tratamiento, para que pueda exculpar en el caso de una infracción. Esta recogen los datos personales no serán cedidos a terceros,

9. Suscripción a los comentarios en el foro de la página web
Los comentarios hechos en el foro de la Hot-World GmbH & Co. KGpueden ser suscritos por terceros. En particular, existe la posibilidad de que un comentarista suscribe los comentarios siguientes sus comentarios en un mensaje del foro en particular.

La opción de suscribirse a los comentarios se puede terminar en cualquier momento.

10. borrado de rutina y el bloqueo de los datos personales
El responsable del fichero deberá procesar y almacenar los datos personales del titular de los datos únicamente durante el tiempo necesario para alcanzar el fin de almacenar, o tan lejos como esta es concedida por el legislador europeo o de otros legisladores en las leyes o reglamentos a los que esté sujeto a.

Si el propósito de almacenamiento no es aplicable, o si un periodo de almacenamiento prescrito por el legislador europeo u otro legislador competente expira, los datos personales están bloqueados o borrados de conformidad con los requisitos legales de forma rutinaria.

11. Derechos del interesado
a) Derecho de la confirmación
Cada interesado tendrá el derecho concedido por el legislador europeo para obtener del controlador de la confirmación de la existencia de datos personales o no con respecto a él o ella están siendo procesados. Si un interesado desee acogerse a este derecho de confirmación, él o ella puede, en cualquier momento, en contacto con nuestro responsable de protección de datos u otro empleado del controlador.

b) Derecho de acceso
Cada interesado tendrá el derecho concedido por el legislador europeo para obtener del controlador de información gratuita sobre sus datos personales almacenados en cualquier momento y una copia de esta información. Por otra parte, las directivas y reglamentos europeos conceden el acceso a los datos sujetos a los siguientes datos:

los fines del tratamiento;
las categorías de datos personales en cuestión;
los destinatarios o categorías de destinatarios a los que los datos personales han sido o serán dadas a conocer, en particular los destinatarios en terceros países u organizaciones internacionales;
cuando sea posible, el período previsto para la cual se almacenará los datos personales, o, si no es posible, los criterios utilizados para determinar ese período;
la existencia del derecho a solicitar a la rectificación controlador o el borrado de los datos personales, o restricción de tratamiento de datos personales relativos al titular de los datos, o para oponerse a dicho tratamiento;
la existencia del derecho a presentar una denuncia ante una autoridad de supervisión;
en que los datos personales no se recogen del titular de los datos, toda la información disponible sobre el origen;
la existencia de la toma de decisiones automatizadas, incluyendo perfiles, que se refiere el artículo 22 (1) y (4) de la GDPR y, al menos en esos casos, la información significativa acerca de la lógica utilizada, así como el significado y previstas consecuencias de tal procesamiento para el sujeto de datos.
Por otra parte, el interesado tiene derecho a obtener información sobre si los datos personales son transferidos a un tercer país o de una organización internacional. Cuando este es el caso, el titular de los datos tendrá derecho a ser informado de las salvaguardas apropiadas relativas a la transferencia.

Si un interesado desee acogerse a este derecho de acceso, él o ella puede, en cualquier momento en contacto con nuestro responsable de protección de datos u otro empleado del controlador.

c) Derecho de rectificación
Cada interesado tendrá el derecho concedido por el legislador europeo para obtener del controlador sin demora indebida la rectificación de datos personales inexactos que le conciernan. Teniendo en cuenta los fines del tratamiento, el interesado tiene derecho a que los datos personales incompletos completado, incluso por medio de proporcionar una declaración complementaria.

Si el interesado desea ejercer este derecho a la rectificación, él o ella puede, en cualquier momento, en contacto con nuestro responsable de protección de datos u otro empleado del controlador.

d) Derecho a ser borrados (derecho a ser olvidado)
Cada interesado tendrá el derecho concedido por el legislador europeo a obtener del responsable del tratamiento suprima los datos personales que le conciernan sin demora indebida, y el controlador tendrá la obligación de borrar los datos personales sin demora indebida, donde uno de los siguientes motivos se aplica, siempre y cuando el tratamiento no es necesario:

Los datos personales ya no es necesario en relación con los fines para los que fueron recogidos o transformadas de otro modo son.
El interesado retira su consentimiento a la que el procesamiento se basa según el punto (a) del artículo 6 (1) de la GDPR, o punto (a) del artículo 9 (2) de la GDPR, y donde no hay otro motivo legal para el procesamiento.
El sujeto objetos de datos para el procesamiento en virtud del artículo 21 (1) de la GDPR y no hay razones imperiosas legítimos para el tratamiento, o los objetos de datos sujetas a la transformación con arreglo al artículo 21 (2) de la GDPR.
Los datos personales han sido tratados ilegalmente.
Los datos personales deben ser borrados para el cumplimiento de una obligación legal en la unión o el Estado miembro ley a que esté sujeto el responsable.
Los datos personales han sido recogidos en relación con la oferta de servicios de la sociedad de la información mencionada en el artículo 8 (1) de la GDPR.
Si una de las razones mencionadas anteriormente se aplica, y un interesado desee solicitar el borrado de los datos personales almacenados por el Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG, Él o ella puede, en cualquier momento en contacto con nuestro responsable de protección de datos u otro empleado del controlador. La protección de datos de la Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG u otro empleado se asegurará con prontitud que la solicitud de borrado se cumple inmediatamente.

Cuando el controlador ha hecho públicos los datos personales y está obligado en virtud del artículo 17 (1) para borrar los datos personales, el controlador, teniendo en cuenta la tecnología disponible y el costo de implementación, deberá tomar las medidas razonables, incluyendo medidas técnicas, para informar a otra controladores de procesamiento de los datos personales que el interesado ha solicitado el borrado por tales controladores de ningún enlace a, o copiar o replicación de, esos datos personales, por lo que no se requiere el procesamiento. La protección de datos de la Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG u otro empleado dispondrá las medidas necesarias en casos individuales.

e) Derecho de restricción de procesamiento
Cada sujeto de datos tendrá el derecho concedido por el legislador europeo a obtener de la restricción controlador de procesamiento donde se aplica uno de los siguientes:

La exactitud de los datos personales es impugnada por el interesado, por un plazo que permita al controlador para verificar la exactitud de los datos personales.
El procesamiento es ilegal y el interesado se opone a la supresión de los datos personales y solicitudes en lugar de la restricción de su uso en su lugar.
El controlador ya no necesita los datos personales para los fines del tratamiento, pero que son requeridos por el titular de los datos para el reconocimiento, ejercicio o defensa de un derecho legal.
El sujeto de los datos se ha opuesto al procesamiento de conformidad con el artículo 21 (1) de la GDPR la espera de la verificación de si los motivos legítimos del controlador anulan los del sujeto de datos.
Si una de las condiciones mencionadas anteriormente se cumple, y un sujeto de datos desea solicitar la restricción del tratamiento de datos personales almacenados por el Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG, Él o ella puede, en cualquier momento en contacto con nuestro responsable de protección de datos u otro empleado del controlador. La protección de datos de la Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG u otro empleado se encargará de la restricción del procesamiento.

f) El derecho a la portabilidad de datos
Cada interesado tendrá el derecho concedido por el legislador europeo, para recibir los datos personales que le conciernan, que fue proporcionada a un controlador, de forma estructurada, de uso general y el formato legible por máquina. Él o ella tendrá el derecho de transmitir esos datos a otro controlador sin obstáculos desde el controlador al que se dispone de los datos de carácter personal, siempre y cuando el tratamiento se basa en el consentimiento de conformidad con el punto (a) del Artículo 6 (1) de la GDPR o punto (a) del artículo 9 (2) de la GDPR, o en un contrato de conformidad con el punto (b) del artículo 6 (1) de la GDPR, y el procesamiento se lleva a cabo por medios automatizados, siempre y cuando el tratamiento no es necesario para el cumplimiento de una misión llevada a cabo en el interés público o inherente al ejercicio del poder público conferido en el controlador.

Por otra parte, en el ejercicio de su derecho a la portabilidad de los datos en virtud del artículo 20 (1) de la GDPR, el interesado tiene derecho a que los datos personales transmitidos directamente desde un controlador a otro, siempre que sea técnicamente factible y al hacerlo no lo hace afectar negativamente a los derechos y libertades de los demás.

Con el fin de hacer valer el derecho a la portabilidad de los datos, el interesado podrá, en cualquier momento contacto responsable de la protección de datos designado por el Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG u otro empleado.

g) Derecho a objeto
Cada interesado tendrá el derecho concedido por el legislador europeo a oponerse, por motivos relacionados con su situación particular, en cualquier momento, al tratamiento de los datos personales que le conciernan, que se basa en el punto (e) o (f ) del artículo 6 (1) de la GDPR. Esto también se aplica a perfiles basados ​​en estas disposiciones.

los Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG Ya no procesará los datos personales en el caso de la objeción, a menos que podamos demostrar razones legítimas para el procesamiento, que anula los intereses, derechos y libertades de la persona afectada, o para el reconocimiento, ejercicio o defensa de demandas judiciales.

Si el Hot-World GmbH & Co. KGprocesa los datos personales con fines de marketing directo, el interesado tiene derecho a oponerse en cualquier momento al tratamiento de datos personales que le conciernen para dicha comercialización. Esto se aplica a los perfiles en la medida en que se relaciona con dicha comercialización directa. Si el interesado se opone a la Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG al tratamiento con fines de marketing directo, la Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG ya no tratará los datos personales para estos fines.

Además, el titular de los datos tiene el derecho, por motivos relacionados con su situación particular, a oponerse al tratamiento de los datos personales que le conciernan por el Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG con fines de investigación científica o históricos, o con fines estadísticos de conformidad con el artículo 89 (1) de la GDPR, a menos que sea necesario el tratamiento para el desempeño de una tarea llevada a cabo por razones de interés público.

Con el fin de ejercer el derecho de oposición, el interesado puede contactar directamente con el responsable de protección de datos de la Hot-World GmbH & Co. KGu otro empleado. Además, el titular de los datos es libre en el contexto de la utilización de servicios de la sociedad de la información, y sin perjuicio de la Directiva 2002/58 / CE, a utilizar su derecho de oponerse por medios automatizados que utilizan las especificaciones técnicas.

h) Automatizado toma de decisiones individuales, incluyendo perfiles
Cada titular de los datos tendrá el derecho concedido por el legislador europeo no ser objeto de una decisión basada únicamente en un tratamiento automatizado, incluyendo perfiles, que produce efectos jurídicos con respecto a él o ella, o de manera similar significativamente a él o ella afecta, siempre y cuando la decisión (1) no es necesario para entrar en, o la ejecución de un contrato entre el interesado y el responsable del tratamiento, o (2) no está autorizado por la ley de la Unión o de un Estado miembro a la que esté sujeto y que incorpore también las medidas abajo adecuados para salvaguardar los derechos y libertades de los interesados ​​e intereses legítimos, o (3) no se basa en el consentimiento explícito del interesado.

Si es necesario, la decisión (1) para entrar en, o la ejecución de un contrato entre el interesado y el responsable del tratamiento, o (2) que se basa en el consentimiento explícito del interesado, la Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG pondrá en práctica medidas adecuadas para salvaguardar los derechos y libertades de los interesados ​​e intereses legítimos, al menos el derecho de obtener la intervención humana en la parte del controlador, para expresar su punto de vista e impugnar la decisión.

Si el interesado desea ejercer los derechos relativos a la toma de decisiones automatizado individuo, él o ella puede, en cualquier momento directamente en contacto con nuestro responsable de protección de datos de la Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG u otro empleado del controlador.

i) El derecho a retirar el consentimiento de protección de datos
Cada interesado tendrá el derecho concedido por el legislador europeo a retirar su consentimiento al tratamiento de sus datos personales en cualquier momento.

f el interesado desea ejercer el derecho de retirar el consentimiento, él o ella puede, en cualquier momento directamente en contacto con nuestro responsable de protección de datos de la Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG u otro empleado del controlador.

12. La protección de datos para las aplicaciones y los procedimientos de solicitud
El controlador de datos deberá recoger y procesar los datos personales de los solicitantes para la finalidad del tratamiento del procedimiento de aplicación. El procesamiento también puede llevarse a cabo electrónicamente. Este es el caso, en particular, si un solicitante presenta documentos de solicitud correspondientes por correo electrónico o por medio de un formulario web en el sitio web al controlador. Si el controlador de datos llega a la conclusión de un contrato de trabajo con el solicitante, los datos presentados serán almacenados con el fin de procesar la relación de trabajo en el cumplimiento de los requisitos legales. Si no hay contrato de trabajo se concluye con el solicitante por el controlador, los documentos de solicitud serán borrados automáticamente dos meses después de la notificación de la decisión negativa, siempre y cuando no hay otros intereses legítimos del controlador se oponen a la borradura.

13. Disposiciones de protección de datos acerca de la aplicación y uso de Facebook
En esta página web, el controlador ha integrado componentes de la empresa Facebook. Facebook es una red social.

Una red social es un lugar para reuniones sociales en Internet, una comunidad en línea, que por lo general permite a los usuarios comunicarse entre sí e interactúan en un espacio virtual. Una red social puede servir como una plataforma para el intercambio de opiniones y experiencias, o permitir que la comunidad de Internet para proporcionar información personal o relacionada con el negocio. Facebook permite a los usuarios de redes sociales para incluir la creación de perfiles privados, subir fotos, y la red a través de solicitudes de amistad.

La empresa operadora de Facebook es Facebook, Inc., 1 Hacker Way, Menlo Park, CA 94025, Estados Unidos. Si una persona vive fuera de los Estados Unidos o Canadá, el controlador es el Facebook Ireland Ltd., 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour, Dublín 2, Irlanda.

Con cada llamada a filas de una de las páginas de este sitio de Internet, que es operado por el controlador y en el que un componente de Facebook (Facebook plug-ins) se integró, el navegador web en el sistema de tecnología de la información de la persona afectada es se le solicita automáticamente para descargar visualización de la correspondiente componente de Facebook desde Facebook a través del componente de Facebook. Una visión general de todos los plug-ins de Facebook se puede acceder bajohttps://developers.facebook.com/docs/plugins/. Durante el transcurso de este procedimiento técnico, Facebook se hace consciente de lo específico sub-sitio de nuestra página web fue visitada por el titular de los datos.

Si el interesado se registra en al mismo tiempo en Facebook, Facebook detecta con cada llamada a filas de nuestra página web por el afectado y para toda la duración de su estancia en nuestro -que sitio de sub-sitio de Internet específico de nuestra internet la página fue visitada por el titular de los datos. Esta información se recoge a través del componente Facebook y asociado con la respectiva cuenta de Facebook del sujeto de datos. Si el interesado hace clic en uno de los botones de Facebook integrado en nuestra página web, por ejemplo, el "Como" botón, o si el interesado presenta un comentario, a continuación, Facebook coincide con esta información con la cuenta personal de usuario de Facebook del titular de los datos y almacena las información personal.

Facebook siempre recibe, a través del componente de Facebook, la información sobre la visita a nuestra página web por el interesado, siempre que el titular de los datos se registra en al mismo tiempo en Facebook durante el tiempo de la llamada a filas en nuestro sitio web. Esto ocurre independientemente de si el interesado hace clic en el componente de Facebook o no. Si una transmisión de información a Facebook no es deseable para el interesado, entonces él o ella puede prevenir esto de cerrar la sesión de su cuenta de Facebook antes de una llamada en marcha en nuestro sitio web está hecho.

La guía de protección de datos publicada por Facebook, que está disponible en https://facebook.com/about/privacy/, proporciona información sobre la recopilación, procesamiento y uso de datos personales por parte de Facebook. Además, se explica qué opciones de configuración ofrece Facebook para proteger la privacidad del sujeto de datos. Además, las diferentes opciones de configuración están disponibles para permitir la eliminación de la transmisión de datos a Facebook. Estas aplicaciones pueden ser utilizadas por el interesado para eliminar una transmisión de datos a Facebook.

14. Disposiciones de protección de datos acerca de la aplicación y uso de Matomo
En esta página web, el controlador ha integrado el componente de Matomo. Matomo es una herramienta de software de código abierto para el análisis web. análisis web es la recolección, recopilación y evaluación de datos sobre el comportamiento de los visitantes de sitios de Internet. Una herramienta de análisis web recoge, entre otras cosas, los datos en la página web desde la que se refieren los datos llegó a un sitio web (denominado de referencia), la cual se accede a las páginas del sitio web o con qué frecuencia y durante qué período de tiempo que una sub-página fue visto. Un análisis web se utiliza principalmente para la optimización de un sitio web y el análisis de costo-beneficio de la publicidad en Internet.

El software funciona en el servidor del controlador, los archivos de registro sensibles a la protección de datos se almacenan exclusivamente en este servidor.

El propósito del componente Matomo es el análisis del visitante fluye en nuestra página web. El controlador utiliza los datos e información obtenidos al, entre otras cosas, para evaluar el uso de este sitio web con el fin de compilar informes en línea, que muestran las actividades en nuestras páginas de internet.

Matomo establece una cookie en el sistema de tecnología de la información de la persona afectada. La definición de las galletas se explicó anteriormente. Con el ajuste de la galleta, un análisis de la utilización de nuestro sitio web está habilitada. Con cada llamada a filas de una de las páginas de este sitio web, el navegador de Internet en el sistema de tecnología de la información de la persona afectada es de forma automática a través del componente Matomo llevó a presentar datos con el objeto de análisis en línea en nuestro servidor. Durante el transcurso de este procedimiento técnico, se obtiene el conocimiento sobre la información personal, como la dirección IP de la persona afectada, que sirve para entender el origen de los visitantes y clics. Matomo utiliza datos anónimos IP única. tiendas de Matomo en la base de datos de direcciones IP cada nuevo visitante (IPv4 o IPv6 formato) con los últimos componentes retirados para proteger la privacidad del usuario.

La cookie se utiliza para almacenar información personal, tales como el tiempo de acceso, la ubicación desde la que se hizo el acceso, y la frecuencia de las visitas a nuestro sitio web. Con cada visita de nuestras páginas de Internet, estos datos personales, incluyendo la dirección IP de la conexión a Internet utilizada por el interesado, será transferido a nuestro servidor. Estos datos personales serán almacenados por nosotros con anonimización de IP. No remitimos estos datos personales a terceros.

El interesado podrá, como se ha dicho, impedir la instalación de cookies a través de nuestro sitio Web en cualquier momento por medio de un ajuste correspondiente del navegador web utilizado de forma permanente y por lo tanto negar la configuración de cookies. Dicho ajuste al navegador de Internet utilizado también impediría Matomo de establecer una cookie en el sistema de tecnología de la información de la persona afectada. Además, las cookies que ya están en uso por Matomo se pueden eliminar en cualquier momento a través de un navegador web u otros programas de software.

Además, el interesado tiene la posibilidad de oponerse a una colección de datos relacionados con un uso de este sitio de Internet que se generan por Matomo, así como el tratamiento de estos datos por Matomo y la posibilidad de evitar cualquier tipo. Para ello, el interesado debe establecer una cookie de exclusión:


La cookie de exclusión que se establece para este propósito se coloca en el sistema informático utilizado por el titular de los datos. Si las cookies se eliminan en el sistema de la persona afectada, a continuación, el interesado debe llamar en marcha de nuevo el enlace y establecer una nueva cookie de exclusión.

Con cada ajuste de la cookie de exclusión, sin embargo, existe la posibilidad de que los sitios web de los datos ya no son plenamente utilizable para el interesado.

Para más información y las disposiciones de protección de datos aplicables de Matomo pueden ser recuperados bajo https://matomo.org/privacy/.

15. disposiciones de protección de datos acerca de la aplicación y uso de Twitter
En esta página web, el controlador ha integrado componentes de Twitter. Twitter es un servicio de microblogueo multilingüe, accesible al público, donde los usuarios pueden publicar y difundir los denominados 'tweets', por ejemplo, mensajes cortos, que están limitados a 140 caracteres. Estos mensajes cortos están disponibles para todo el mundo, incluidos los que no han iniciado sesión en Twitter. Los tweets se muestran también a los llamados seguidores de usuario respectivo. Los seguidores son otros usuarios de Twitter que siguen los tweets de un usuario. Además, Twitter le permite abordar una amplia audiencia a través de hashtags, enlaces o retweets.

La empresa operadora de Twitter es Twitter, Inc., 1355 Market Street, Suite 900, San Francisco, CA 94103, Estados Unidos.

Con cada llamada a filas de una de las páginas de este sitio de Internet, que es operado por el controlador y en el que un componente de Twitter (botón de Twitter) se integró, el navegador de Internet en el sistema de tecnología de la información de la persona afectada se le solicita de forma automática descargar una presentación de la correspondiente componente de Twitter Twitter. Más información acerca de los botones de Twitter está disponible bajohttps://about.twitter.com/de/resources/buttons. Durante el transcurso de este procedimiento técnico, Twitter gana conocimiento de lo específico sub-página de nuestro sitio web fue visitado por el titular de los datos. El propósito de la integración del componente de Twitter es una retransmisión de los contenidos de este sitio web para permitir a nuestros usuarios a introducir esta página web para el mundo digital y aumentar nuestra número de visitantes.

Si el interesado se registra en, al mismo tiempo en Twitter, Twitter detecta con cada llamada a filas de nuestra página web por el interesado y para toda la duración de su estancia en nuestro sitio de Internet, que era específica sub-página de nuestra página de internet visitado por el titular de los datos. Esta información se recoge a través del componente Twitter y asociado con la respectiva cuenta de Twitter del sujeto de datos. Si el interesado hace clic en uno de los botones de Twitter integrados en nuestro sitio web, a continuación, Twitter asigna esta información a la cuenta personal de usuario de Twitter del titular de los datos y almacena los datos personales.

Twitter recibe información a través del componente de Twitter que el interesado haya visitado nuestro sitio web, siempre que el interesado se registra en el Twitter en el momento de la llamada a filas en nuestro sitio web. Esto ocurre independientemente de si la persona hace clic en el componente de Twitter o no. Si una transmisión de información a Twitter no es deseable para el interesado, entonces él o ella puede prevenir esto de cerrar la sesión de su cuenta de Twitter antes de una llamada en marcha en nuestro sitio web está hecho.

Las disposiciones de protección de datos aplicables de Twitter se puede acceder bajo https://twitter.com/privacy?lang=en.

16. Disposiciones de protección de datos acerca de la aplicación y uso de YouTube
En esta página web, el controlador ha integrado componentes de YouTube. YouTube es un portal de vídeo de Internet que permite a los editores de vídeo para fijar los clips de vídeo y otros usuarios de forma gratuita, que también proporciona una visión sin, revisar y comentar sobre ellos. YouTube le permite publicar todo tipo de videos, por lo que puede acceder a ambas películas completas y las emisiones de TV, así como videos musicales, trailers y videos realizados por los usuarios a través del portal de Internet.

La empresa operadora de YouTube es YouTube, LLC, 901 Cereza Ave., San Bruno, CA 94066, Estados Unidos. El YouTube, LLC es una subsidiaria de Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043 a 1.351, ESTADOS UNIDOS.

Con cada llamada a filas de una de las páginas de este sitio de Internet, que es operado por el controlador y en el que un componente de YouTube (YouTube video) se integró, el navegador de Internet en el sistema de tecnología de la información de la persona afectada se le solicita de forma automática descargar una pantalla del componente de YouTube correspondiente. Más información sobre YouTube puede obtenerse bajo https://www.youtube.com/intl/en/yt/about/. Durante el transcurso de este procedimiento técnico, YouTube y Google obtienen conocimiento de lo específico sub-página de nuestro sitio web fue visitado por el titular de los datos.

Si el interesado se registra en en YouTube, YouTube reconoce con cada llamada a filas a una sub-página que contiene un vídeo de YouTube, que sub-página específica de nuestra página web fue visitada por el titular de los datos. Esta información es recogida por YouTube y Google y asignado a la respectiva cuenta de YouTube de la persona afectada.

YouTube y Google recibirán información a través del componente de YouTube que el interesado haya visitado nuestro sitio web, si el interesado en el momento de la llamada a nuestra página web se registra en en YouTube; Esto ocurre independientemente de si la persona hace clic en un vídeo de YouTube o no. Si una transmisión de esta información a YouTube y Google no es deseable para el titular de los datos, la entrega puede ser prevenida si el interesado cierra la sesión en su propia cuenta de YouTube antes de realizar una llamada a nuestra página web.

disposiciones de protección de datos de YouTube, disponible en https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/, Proporcionar información sobre la recolección, procesamiento y utilización de datos personales por parte de YouTube y Google.

17. disposiciones de protección de datos acerca de la aplicación y uso de Google Cloud Messaging (CGM)
En el androide Repetier-Informeraplicación, el controlador ha integrado componentes de Google. el androide Repetier-Informer aplicación utiliza Google Cloud Messaging (GCM) para proporcionar información a los terminales móviles, que luego se puede utilizar en el Repetier-Informer aplicación.

La empresa operadora de Google es Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043-1351, Estados Unidos.

Al configurar la Repetier-Informeraplicación, se introduce un grupo existente con el correspondiente ID de grupo o se crea un nuevo grupo. Aquí recibimos de Google ID del dispositivo al que podemos enviar mensajes de inserción.

Con cada mensaje que transmita el texto del mensaje y si se especifica un enlace a través de GCM a un ID de dispositivo específico de Google, por lo que la Repetier-Informer aplicación recibe estos datos.

disposiciones de protección de datos de Google, disponible en https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/, Proporcionar información sobre la recolección, procesamiento y utilización de datos personales por parte de Google.

18. Disposiciones de protección de datos acerca de la aplicación y el uso del servicio Apple Push Notification (APN)
En el IOS Repetier-Informeraplicación, el controlador ha integrado componentes de Apple. el iOS Repetier-Informer aplicación utiliza el servicio Apple Push Notification (APN) para proporcionar información a los terminales móviles, que luego se puede utilizar en el Repetier-Informer aplicación.

La empresa operadora de Apple es Apple, 1 Infinite Loop, Cupertino, CA 95014, Estados Unidos.

Al configurar la Repetier-Informeraplicación, se introduce un grupo existente con el correspondiente ID de grupo o se crea un nuevo grupo. Aquí recibimos de Apple el ID de dispositivo al que podemos enviar mensajes de inserción.

Con cada mensaje que transmita el texto del mensaje y si se especifica un enlace a través de APN a un ID de Apple específica dispositivo, por lo que la Repetier-Informer aplicación recibe estos datos.

disposiciones de protección de datos de Apple, disponible en https://www.apple.com/privacy/, Proporcionar información sobre la recolección, procesamiento y utilización de datos personales por parte de Apple.

19. Dejar de recibir mensajes de inserción de Repetier-Informer
El único objetivo de la Repetier-Informer aplicación es que los programas como Repetier-Server y Repetier-Host, Ambos desarrollados por Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG, Enviar mensajes de estado de la impresora 3D a través de mensajes push a sus teléfonos inteligentes y / o tabletas.

Si no desea recibir mensajes de inserción en su teléfono inteligente o tableta, puede eliminar los grupos asignados en la configuración de la aplicación, puede desinstalar la aplicación o puede desactivar los mensajes de inserción en Repetier-Host y / o Repetier-Server.

20. Método de pago: las disposiciones sobre protección de datos sobre el uso de PayPal como procesador de pagos
En esta página web, el controlador ha integrado componentes de PayPal. PayPal es un proveedor de servicios de pago en línea. Los pagos son procesados ​​a través de las denominadas cuentas de PayPal, que representan las cuentas privadas o de negocios virtuales. PayPal también es capaz de procesar los pagos virtuales a través de tarjetas de crédito cuando un usuario no tiene una cuenta de PayPal. Una cuenta de PayPal se gestiona a través de una dirección de correo electrónico, por lo que no hay números de cuenta clásicos. PayPal permite activar pagos en línea a terceros o para recibir pagos. PayPal también acepta funciones fiduciarias y ofrece servicios de protección del comprador.

La empresa operadora europea de PayPal es PayPal (Europe) S.à rl & Cie. SCA, 22-24 Boulevard Royal, 2449 Luxemburgo, Luxemburgo.

Si el interesado elige "segura" como la opción de pago en la tienda en línea durante el proceso de pedido, se transmitirá automáticamente los datos de los datos objeto de PayPal. Al seleccionar esta opción de pago, el interesado está de acuerdo con la transferencia de datos personales necesarios para el procesamiento de pagos.

Los datos personales transmitidos a PayPal es por lo general el nombre, apellido, dirección, dirección de correo electrónico, dirección IP, número de teléfono, número de teléfono móvil, u otros datos necesarios para procesar el pago. El procesamiento del contrato de compra también requiere que dichos datos personales, que están en relación con el orden respectivo.

La transmisión de los datos está dirigido a procesamiento de pagos y la prevención del fraude. El controlador transferir datos personales a PayPal, en particular, si se da un interés legítimo en la transmisión. Los datos personales intercambiados entre PayPal y el controlador para el procesamiento de los datos se transmitirán por PayPal a las agencias de crédito económicas. Esta transmisión está destinado a identidad y solvencia cheques.

será, si es necesario, pasar de PayPal, en los datos personales de los afiliados y proveedores de servicios o subcontratistas en la medida en que esto es necesario para cumplir con las obligaciones contractuales o que los datos se procesan en el orden.

El interesado tiene la posibilidad de revocar su consentimiento para el tratamiento de los datos personales en cualquier momento a partir de PayPal. Una revocación no tendrá ningún efecto sobre los datos personales que deben ser procesados, utiliza o transmitida de acuerdo con (contractual) de procesamiento de pagos.

Las disposiciones de protección de datos aplicables de PayPal pueden ser recuperados bajo https://www.paypal.com/us/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-full.

21. La transmisión de datos de Repetier-Host
Repetier-Host sólo se conecta a los servidores web de Hot-World GmbH & Co. KGpara comprobar si hay actualizaciones o descargar contenidos publicitarios. Si el sujeto de datos utiliza una versión personalizada de host de un tercero, el anfitrión puede conectarse a un servidor web de un tercero para comprobar si hay actualizaciones. En el programa hay algunos enlaces a páginas web que pueden ser abiertas en el navegador estándar haciendo clic sobre ellos.

Repetier-Host puede comunicarse con Repetier-Server casos, que pueden funcionar en otros equipos, si estuvieran conectados de forma explícita. Repetier-Host puede enviar y / o recibir datos a / desde Repetier-Server como G-códigos, modelos, imágenes, información de la impresora, la información sobre todos los modelos almacenados, ... para controlar las impresoras 3D y gestionar los datos almacenados.

Repetier-Host puede enviar mensajes de estado en 3D a la Repetier-Informer aplicación, si se ha configurado de forma explícita la conexión.

22. La transmisión de datos de Repetier-Server
Repetier-Server sólo se conecta a los servidores web de Hot-World GmbH & Co. KGpara comprobar las actualizaciones y para validar una clave de licencia introducida. Si el sujeto de datos utiliza un personalizado Repetier-Serverversión de un tercero, el servidor puede conectarse a un servidor web de un tercero para comprobar si hay actualizaciones. En el programa hay algunos enlaces a páginas web que pueden ser abiertas en el navegador estándar haciendo clic sobre ellos.

Repetier-Server puede comunicarse con Repetier-Host casos, que pueden funcionar en otros equipos, si estuvieran conectados de forma explícita. Repetier-Server puede enviar y / o recibir datos a / desde Repetier-Host como G-códigos, modelos, imágenes, información de la impresora, la información sobre todos los modelos almacenados, ... para controlar las impresoras 3D y gestionar los datos almacenados.

Repetier-Server puede enviar mensajes de estado en 3D a la Repetier-Informer aplicación, si se ha configurado de forma explícita la conexión.

Repetier-Serverfunciona como un servidor web y se puede acceder mediante cualquier navegador web reciente. Dependiendo de la configuración de red del usuario, esto puede ser interno o globalmente. Por esta razón es muy recomendable para habilitar la autenticación de usuario en Repetier-Server.

El titular de los datos puede conectarse Repetier-Server al Repetier servicios en la nube para obtener acceso completo a conectar Repetier-Server casos de todas partes para los usuarios autorizados a través https://my.repetier.com. Para permitir esta funcionalidad, el Repetier servicios en la nube necesitan almacenar datos adicionales y también pueden almacenar en caché los estados de servidor, las imágenes y los datos de proceso enviados desde el Repetier-Server.

23. Base legal para el procesamiento
Art. 6 (1) lit. un GDPR sirve como la base jurídica de las operaciones para las que obtener el consentimiento para una finalidad específica de procesamiento de procesamiento. Si el procesamiento de datos personales es necesario para el cumplimiento de un contrato en el que el interesado sea parte, como es el caso, por ejemplo, las operaciones cuando se procesen son necesarias para el suministro de bienes o para proporcionar cualquier otro servicio, el procesamiento es basada en el artículo 6 (1) lit. b GDPR. Lo mismo se aplica a este tipo de operaciones de procesamiento que son necesarias para la realización de medidas precontractuales, por ejemplo, en el caso de las investigaciones relativas a nuestros productos o servicios. Es nuestra empresa sujeta a una obligación legal por el cual se requiere el procesamiento de los datos personales, como por el cumplimiento de las obligaciones tributarias, el tratamiento se basa en el artículo. 6 (1) lit. c GDPR. En casos raros, el tratamiento de datos personales puede ser necesario para proteger los intereses vitales del interesado o de otra persona física. Este sería el caso, por ejemplo, si un visitante se lesionó en nuestra empresa y su nombre, edad, datos del seguro de salud u otra información vital tendría que ser transmitida a un médico, hospital u otro tercero. A continuación, el procesamiento se basa en el artículo. 6 (1) lit. d GDPR. Por último, las operaciones de procesamiento podrían basarse en el artículo 6 (1) lit. f GDPR. Esta base se utiliza para operaciones que no están cubiertos por cualquiera de los motivos legales antes mencionados procesamiento, si es necesario para la satisfacción del interés legítimo perseguido por nuestra empresa o por un tercero, excepto cuando tales intereses no prevalezca el interés o los derechos y libertades fundamentales del interesado que requieran protección de datos personales. Tales operaciones de tratamiento son particularmente permisible debido a que se han mencionado específicamente por el legislador europeo. Se considera que un interés legítimo puede suponerse si el interesado es un cliente del controlador (Considerando 47 frase 2 GDPR).

24. El interés legítimo perseguido por el responsable del tratamiento o por un tercero
Cuando el tratamiento de datos personales se basa en el artículo 6 (1) lit. f GDPR nuestro interés legítimo es llevar a cabo nuestro negocio en favor del bienestar de todos nuestros empleados y los accionistas.

25. Período para el que se almacenarán los datos personales
Los criterios utilizados para determinar el período de almacenamiento de datos personales es el período de retención legal correspondiente. Después de la expiración de este período, los datos correspondientes se elimina de manera rutinaria, con tal de que ya no es necesario para el cumplimiento del contrato o la iniciación de un contrato.

26. El suministro de datos personales como requisito legal o contractual; Requisito necesario para entrar en un contrato; Obligación de los datos objeto de proporcionar los datos personales; posibles consecuencias de no facilitar esos datos
Aclaramos que el suministro de los datos personales es parte requerida por la ley (por ejemplo, las regulaciones fiscales) o también puede ser el resultado de disposiciones contractuales (por ejemplo, información sobre el socio contractual). A veces puede ser necesario para concluir un contrato que el titular de los datos que nos proporciona datos personales, que posteriormente deben ser procesadas por nosotros. El titular de los datos es, por ejemplo, la obligación de proporcionarnos datos personales cuando nuestra empresa firma un contrato con él o ella. La no prestación de los datos personales tendría la consecuencia de que el contrato con el interesado no se pudo concluir. Antes de los datos personales es proporcionada por el titular de los datos, el interesado debe ponerse en contacto con nuestro responsable de protección de datos.

27. Existencia de toma de decisiones automatizado
Como empresa responsable, que no usamos la toma de decisiones o perfilado automático.

Esta política de privacidad se ha generado por el generador de la política de privacidad External Data Protection Officer (https://dg-datenschutz.de/services/external-data-protection-officer/?lang=en) de DGD Deutsche Gesellschaft für Datenschutz GmbH, Que ha sido desarrollado en cooperación con WILDE BEUGER SOLMECKE | Lawyers (https://www.wbs-law.de/) y el used hardware dealer RC GmbH (http://remarketing.company/). La política de privacidad generada ha sido modificado y ampliado por Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG.