Ondorengo ingelesezko pribatutasun politika aplikatzen da. Orientazio errazagoetarako, itzulpen automatikoko Google itzulpen bertsio bat ere gehitu dugu.

We are very delighted that you have shown interest in our enterprise. Data protection is of a particularly high priority for the management of the Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG. The use of the Repetier software (Repetier-Host, Repetier-Server, Repetier-Informer) and Repetier websites (https://www.repetier.com, http://www.repetier-server.com, https://my.repetier.com, https://forum.repetier.com, http://www.repetier-apps.com, ...) managed by Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG are possible without any indication of personal data; however, if a data subject wants to use special enterprise services via our software, app or website, processing of personal data could become necessary. If the processing of personal data is necessary and there is no statutory basis for such processing, we generally obtain consent from the data subject.

The processing of personal data, such as the name, address, e-mail address, device ID or telephone number of a data subject shall always be in line with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), and in accordance with the country-specific data protection regulations applicable to the Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG. By means of this data protection declaration, our enterprise would like to inform the general public of the nature, scope, and purpose of the personal data we collect, use and process. Furthermore, data subjects are informed, by means of this data protection declaration, of the rights to which they are entitled.

As the controller, the Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG has implemented numerous technical and organizational measures to ensure the most complete protection of personal data processed through the Repetier software, apps and websites, which are stored on dedicated web servers operated by Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG. However, Internet-based data transmissions may in principle have security gaps, so absolute protection may not be guaranteed.

1. Definitions
The data protection declaration of the Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG is based on the terms used by the European legislator for the adoption of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). Our data protection declaration should be legible and understandable for the general public, as well as our customers and business partners. To ensure this, we would like to first explain the terminology used.

In this data protection declaration, we use, inter alia, the following terms:

a) Personal data
Personal data means any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person (“data subject”). An identifiable natural person is one who can be identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier or to one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity of that natural person.

b) Data subject
Data subject is any identified or identifiable natural person, whose personal data is processed by the controller responsible for the processing.

c) Processing
Processing is any operation or set of operations which is performed on personal data or on sets of personal data, whether or not by automated means, such as collection, recording, organisation, structuring, storage, adaptation or alteration, retrieval, consultation, use, disclosure by transmission, dissemination or otherwise making available, alignment or combination, restriction, erasure or destruction.

d) Restriction of processing
Restriction of processing is the marking of stored personal data with the aim of limiting their processing in the future.

e) Profiling
Profiling means any form of automated processing of personal data consisting of the use of personal data to evaluate certain personal aspects relating to a natural person, in particular to analyse or predict aspects concerning that natural person's performance at work, economic situation, health, personal preferences, interests, reliability, behaviour, location or movements.

f) Pseudonymisation
Pseudonymisation is the processing of personal data in such a manner that the personal data can no longer be attributed to a specific data subject without the use of additional information, provided that such additional information is kept separately and is subject to technical and organisational measures to ensure that the personal data are not attributed to an identified or identifiable natural person.

g) Controller or controller responsible for the processing
Controller or controller responsible for the processing is the natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which, alone or jointly with others, determines the purposes and means of the processing of personal data; where the purposes and means of such processing are determined by Union or Member State law, the controller or the specific criteria for its nomination may be provided for by Union or Member State law.

h) Processor
Processor is a natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which processes personal data on behalf of the controller.

i) Recipient
Recipient is a natural or legal person, public authority, agency or another body, to which the personal data are disclosed, whether a third party or not. However, public authorities which may receive personal data in the framework of a particular inquiry in accordance with Union or Member State law shall not be regarded as recipients; the processing of those data by those public authorities shall be in compliance with the applicable data protection rules according to the purposes of the processing.

j) Third party
Third party is a natural or legal person, public authority, agency or body other than the data subject, controller, processor and persons who, under the direct authority of the controller or processor, are authorised to process personal data.

k) Consent
Consent of the data subject is any freely given, specific, informed and unambiguous indication of the data subject's wishes by which he or she, by a statement or by a clear affirmative action, signifies agreement to the processing of personal data relating to him or her.

2. Name and Address of the controller
Controller for the purposes of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), other data protection laws applicable in Member states of the European Union and other provisions related to data protection is:

Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG

Knickelsdorf 42

47877 Willich

Germany

Phone: +49 (0)2154 – 60 65 18

Email: info@repetier.com

Websites: https://www.repetier.com, http://www.repetier-server.com, https://my.repetier.com, https://forum.repetier.com, http://www.repetier-apps.com, ...

3. Name and Address of the Data Protection Officer
The Data Protection Officer of the controller is:

Marcus Littwin
Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG

Knickelsdorf 42

47877 Willich

Germany

Phone: +49 (0)2154 – 60 65 18

Email: info@repetier.com

Websites: https://www.repetier.com, http://www.repetier-server.com, https://my.repetier.com, https://forum.repetier.com, http://www.repetier-apps.com, ...

Any data subject may, at any time, contact our Data Protection Officer directly with all questions and suggestions concerning data protection.

4. Cookies
The Internet pages of the Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG use cookies. Cookies are text files that are stored in a computer system via an Internet browser.

Many Internet sites and servers use cookies. Many cookies contain a so-called cookie ID. A cookie ID is a unique identifier of the cookie. It consists of a character string through which internet pages and servers can be assigned to the specific Internet browser in which the cookie was stored. This allows visited Internet sites and servers to differentiate the individual browser of the dats subject from other Internet browsers that contain other cookies. A specific internet browser can be recognized and identified using the unique cookie ID.

Through the use of cookies, the Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG can provide the users of this website with more user-friendly services that would not be possible without the cookie setting.

By means of a cookie, the information and offers on our website can be optimized with the user in mind. Cookies allow us, as previously mentioned, to recognize our website users. The purpose of this recognition is to make it easier for users to utilize our website. The website user that uses cookies, e.g. does not have to enter access data each time the website is accessed, because this is taken over by the website, and the cookie is thus stored on the user's computer system. Another example is the cookie of a shopping cart in an online shop. The online store remembers the articles that a customer has placed in the virtual shopping cart via a cookie.

The data subject may, at any time, prevent the setting of cookies through our website by means of a corresponding setting of the internet browser used, and may thus permanently deny the setting of cookies. Furthermore, already set cookies may be deleted at any time via an internet browser or other software programs. This is possible in all popular Internet browsers. If the data subject deactivates the setting of cookies in the Internet browser used, not all functions of our website may be entirely usable.

5. Collection of general data and information
The websites and the Repetier API (Application Programming Interface) of the Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG collects a series of general data and information when a data subject or automated system calls up the website or API. This general data and information are stored in the server log files. Collected may be (1) the browser types and versions used, (2) the operating system used by the accessing system, (3) the website from which an accessing system reaches our website (so-called referrers), (4) the sub-websites, (5) the date and time of access to the Internet site, (6) an Internet protocol address (IP address), (7) the Internet service provider of the accessing system, and (8) any other similar data and information that may be used in the event of attacks on our information technology systems.

When using these general data and information, the Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG does not draw any conclusions about the data subject. Rather, this information is needed to (1) deliver the content of our website correctly, (2) optimize the content of our website as well as its advertisement, (3) ensure the long-term viability of our information technology systems and website technology, and (4) provide law enforcement authorities with the information necessary for criminal prosecution in case of a cyber-attack. Therefore, the Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG analyzes anonymously collected data and information statistically, with the aim of increasing the data protection and data security of our enterprise, and to ensure an optimal level of protection for the personal data we process. The anonymous data of the server log files are stored separately from all personal data provided by a data subject.

6. Registration on our website
The data subject has the possibility to register on the websites of the controller with the indication of personal data. Which personal data are transmitted to the controller is determined by the respective input mask used for the registration. The personal data entered by the data subject are collected and stored exclusively for internal use by the controller, and for his own purposes. The controller may request transfer to one or more processors (e.g. a Apple or Google push message service) that also uses personal data for an internal purpose which is attributable to the controller. The controller will send an automatic confirmation e-mail to check the double opt-in procedure as to whether the owner of the specified e-mail address decided in favor of this option.

By registering on the website of the controller, the IP address—assigned by the Internet service provider (ISP) and used by the data subject—date, and time of the registration are also stored. The storage of this data takes place against the background that this is the only way to prevent the misuse of our services, and, if necessary, to make it possible to investigate committed offenses. Insofar, the storage of this data is necessary to secure the controller. This data is not passed on to third parties unless there is a statutory obligation to pass on the data, or if the transfer serves the aim of criminal prosecution.

The registration of the data subject, with the voluntary indication of personal data, is intended to enable the controller to offer the data subject contents or services that may only be offered to registered users due to the nature of the matter in question. Registered persons are free to change the personal data specified during the registration at any time, or to have them completely deleted from the data stock of the controller.

The data controller shall, at any time, provide information upon request to each data subject as to what personal data are stored about the data subject. In addition, the data controller shall correct or erase personal data at the request or indication of the data subject, insofar as there are no statutory storage obligations. A Data Protection Officer particularly designated in this data protection declaration, as well as the entirety of the controller’s employees are available to the data subject in this respect as contact persons.

7. Contact possibility via the website
The website of the Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG contains information that enables a quick electronic contact to our enterprise, as well as direct communication with us, which also includes a general address of the so-called electronic mail (e-mail address). If a data subject contacts the controller by e-mail or via a contact form, the personal data transmitted by the data subject are automatically stored. Such personal data transmitted on a voluntary basis by a data subject to the data controller are stored for the purpose of processing or contacting the data subject. There is no transfer of this personal data to third parties.

8. Comments function in the forum on the website
The Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG offers users the possibility to leave individual comments on individual forum contributions on a forum, which is on the website of the controller. A forum is a web-based, publicly-accessible portal, through which one or more people may post articles or write down thoughts in so-called forum posts. Forum posts may usually be commented by third parties.

If a data subject leaves a comment on the forum published on this website, the comments made by the data subject are also stored and published, as well as information on the date of the commentary and on the user's (pseudonym) chosen by the data subject. In addition, the IP address assigned by the Internet service provider (ISP) to the data subject is also logged. This storage of the IP address takes place for security reasons, and in case the data subject violates the rights of third parties, or posts illegal content through a given comment. The storage of these personal data is, therefore, in the own interest of the data controller, so that he can exculpate in the event of an infringement. This collected personal data will not be passed to third parties, unless such a transfer is required by law or serves the aim of the defense of the data controller.

9. Subscription to comments in the forum on the website
The comments made in the forum of the Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG may be subscribed to by third parties. In particular, there is the possibility that a commenter subscribes to the comments following his comments on a particular forum post.

The option to subscribe to comments may be terminated at any time.

10. Routine erasure and blocking of personal data
The data controller shall process and store the personal data of the data subject only for the period necessary to achieve the purpose of storage, or as far as this is granted by the European legislator or other legislators in laws or regulations to which the controller is subject to.

If the storage purpose is not applicable, or if a storage period prescribed by the European legislator or another competent legislator expires, the personal data are routinely blocked or erased in accordance with legal requirements.

11. Rights of the data subject
a) Right of confirmation
Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator to obtain from the controller the confirmation as to whether or not personal data concerning him or her are being processed. If a data subject wishes to avail himself of this right of confirmation, he or she may, at any time, contact our Data Protection Officer or another employee of the controller.

b) Right of access
Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator to obtain from the controller free information about his or her personal data stored at any time and a copy of this information. Furthermore, the European directives and regulations grant the data subject access to the following information:

the purposes of the processing;
the categories of personal data concerned;
the recipients or categories of recipients to whom the personal data have been or will be disclosed, in particular recipients in third countries or international organisations;
where possible, the envisaged period for which the personal data will be stored, or, if not possible, the criteria used to determine that period;
the existence of the right to request from the controller rectification or erasure of personal data, or restriction of processing of personal data concerning the data subject, or to object to such processing;
the existence of the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority;
where the personal data are not collected from the data subject, any available information as to their source;
the existence of automated decision-making, including profiling, referred to in Article 22(1) and (4) of the GDPR and, at least in those cases, meaningful information about the logic involved, as well as the significance and envisaged consequences of such processing for the data subject.
Furthermore, the data subject shall have a right to obtain information as to whether personal data are transferred to a third country or to an international organisation. Where this is the case, the data subject shall have the right to be informed of the appropriate safeguards relating to the transfer.

If a data subject wishes to avail himself of this right of access, he or she may at any time contact our Data Protection Officer or another employee of the controller.

c) Right to rectification
Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator to obtain from the controller without undue delay the rectification of inaccurate personal data concerning him or her. Taking into account the purposes of the processing, the data subject shall have the right to have incomplete personal data completed, including by means of providing a supplementary statement.

If a data subject wishes to exercise this right to rectification, he or she may, at any time, contact our Data Protection Officer or another employee of the controller.

d) Right to erasure (Right to be forgotten)
Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator to obtain from the controller the erasure of personal data concerning him or her without undue delay, and the controller shall have the obligation to erase personal data without undue delay where one of the following grounds applies, as long as the processing is not necessary:

The personal data are no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which they were collected or otherwise processed.
The data subject withdraws consent to which the processing is based according to point (a) of Article 6(1) of the GDPR, or point (a) of Article 9(2) of the GDPR, and where there is no other legal ground for the processing.
The data subject objects to the processing pursuant to Article 21(1) of the GDPR and there are no overriding legitimate grounds for the processing, or the data subject objects to the processing pursuant to Article 21(2) of the GDPR.
The personal data have been unlawfully processed.
The personal data must be erased for compliance with a legal obligation in Union or Member State law to which the controller is subject.
The personal data have been collected in relation to the offer of information society services referred to in Article 8(1) of the GDPR.
If one of the aforementioned reasons applies, and a data subject wishes to request the erasure of personal data stored by the Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG, he or she may at any time contact our Data Protection Officer or another employee of the controller. The Data Protection Officer of the Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG or another employee shall promptly ensure that the erasure request is complied with immediately.

Where the controller has made personal data public and is obliged pursuant to Article 17(1) to erase the personal data, the controller, taking account of available technology and the cost of implementation, shall take reasonable steps, including technical measures, to inform other controllers processing the personal data that the data subject has requested erasure by such controllers of any links to, or copy or replication of, those personal data, as far as processing is not required. The Data Protection Officer of the Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG or another employee will arrange the necessary measures in individual cases.

e) Right of restriction of processing
Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator to obtain from the controller restriction of processing where one of the following applies:

The accuracy of the personal data is contested by the data subject, for a period enabling the controller to verify the accuracy of the personal data.
The processing is unlawful and the data subject opposes the erasure of the personal data and requests instead the restriction of their use instead.
The controller no longer needs the personal data for the purposes of the processing, but they are required by the data subject for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.
The data subject has objected to processing pursuant to Article 21(1) of the GDPR pending the verification whether the legitimate grounds of the controller override those of the data subject.
If one of the aforementioned conditions is met, and a data subject wishes to request the restriction of the processing of personal data stored by the Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG, he or she may at any time contact our Data Protection Officer or another employee of the controller. The Data Protection Officer of the Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG or another employee will arrange the restriction of the processing.

f) Right to data portability
Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator, to receive the personal data concerning him or her, which was provided to a controller, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format. He or she shall have the right to transmit those data to another controller without hindrance from the controller to which the personal data have been provided, as long as the processing is based on consent pursuant to point (a) of Article 6(1) of the GDPR or point (a) of Article 9(2) of the GDPR, or on a contract pursuant to point (b) of Article 6(1) of the GDPR, and the processing is carried out by automated means, as long as the processing is not necessary for the performance of a task carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in the controller.

Furthermore, in exercising his or her right to data portability pursuant to Article 20(1) of the GDPR, the data subject shall have the right to have personal data transmitted directly from one controller to another, where technically feasible and when doing so does not adversely affect the rights and freedoms of others.

In order to assert the right to data portability, the data subject may at any time contact the Data Protection Officer designated by the Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG or another employee.

g) Right to object
Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator to object, on grounds relating to his or her particular situation, at any time, to processing of personal data concerning him or her, which is based on point (e) or (f) of Article 6(1) of the GDPR. This also applies to profiling based on these provisions.

The Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG shall no longer process the personal data in the event of the objection, unless we can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for the processing which override the interests, rights and freedoms of the data subject, or for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.

If the Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG processes personal data for direct marketing purposes, the data subject shall have the right to object at any time to processing of personal data concerning him or her for such marketing. This applies to profiling to the extent that it is related to such direct marketing. If the data subject objects to the Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG to the processing for direct marketing purposes, the Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG will no longer process the personal data for these purposes.

In addition, the data subject has the right, on grounds relating to his or her particular situation, to object to processing of personal data concerning him or her by the Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG for scientific or historical research purposes, or for statistical purposes pursuant to Article 89(1) of the GDPR, unless the processing is necessary for the performance of a task carried out for reasons of public interest.

In order to exercise the right to object, the data subject may directly contact the Data Protection Officer of the Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG or another employee. In addition, the data subject is free in the context of the use of information society services, and notwithstanding Directive 2002/58/EC, to use his or her right to object by automated means using technical specifications.

h) Automated individual decision-making, including profiling
Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator not to be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing, including profiling, which produces legal effects concerning him or her, or similarly significantly affects him or her, as long as the decision (1) is not is necessary for entering into, or the performance of, a contract between the data subject and a data controller, or (2) is not authorised by Union or Member State law to which the controller is subject and which also lays down suitable measures to safeguard the data subject's rights and freedoms and legitimate interests, or (3) is not based on the data subject's explicit consent.

If the decision (1) is necessary for entering into, or the performance of, a contract between the data subject and a data controller, or (2) it is based on the data subject's explicit consent, the Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG shall implement suitable measures to safeguard the data subject's rights and freedoms and legitimate interests, at least the right to obtain human intervention on the part of the controller, to express his or her point of view and contest the decision.

If the data subject wishes to exercise the rights concerning automated individual decision-making, he or she may at any time directly contact our Data Protection Officer of the Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG or another employee of the controller.

i) Right to withdraw data protection consent
Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator to withdraw his or her consent to processing of his or her personal data at any time.

f the data subject wishes to exercise the right to withdraw the consent, he or she may at any time directly contact our Data Protection Officer of the Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG or another employee of the controller.

12. Data protection for applications and the application procedures
The data controller shall collect and process the personal data of applicants for the purpose of the processing of the application procedure. The processing may also be carried out electronically. This is the case, in particular, if an applicant submits corresponding application documents by e-mail or by means of a web form on the website to the controller. If the data controller concludes an employment contract with an applicant, the submitted data will be stored for the purpose of processing the employment relationship in compliance with legal requirements. If no employment contract is concluded with the applicant by the controller, the application documents shall be automatically erased two months after notification of the refusal decision, provided that no other legitimate interests of the controller are opposed to the erasure. Other legitimate interest in this relation is, e.g. a burden of proof in a procedure under the General Equal Treatment Act (AGG).

13. Data protection provisions about the application and use of Facebook
On this website, the controller has integrated components of the enterprise Facebook. Facebook is a social network.

A social network is a place for social meetings on the Internet, an online community, which usually allows users to communicate with each other and interact in a virtual space. A social network may serve as a platform for the exchange of opinions and experiences, or enable the Internet community to provide personal or business-related information. Facebook allows social network users to include the creation of private profiles, upload photos, and network through friend requests.

The operating company of Facebook is Facebook, Inc., 1 Hacker Way, Menlo Park, CA 94025, United States. If a person lives outside of the United States or Canada, the controller is the Facebook Ireland Ltd., 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour, Dublin 2, Ireland.

With each call-up to one of the individual pages of this Internet website, which is operated by the controller and into which a Facebook component (Facebook plug-ins) was integrated, the web browser on the information technology system of the data subject is automatically prompted to download display of the corresponding Facebook component from Facebook through the Facebook component. An overview of all the Facebook Plug-ins may be accessed under https://developers.facebook.com/docs/plugins/. During the course of this technical procedure, Facebook is made aware of what specific sub-site of our website was visited by the data subject.

If the data subject is logged in at the same time on Facebook, Facebook detects with every call-up to our website by the data subject—and for the entire duration of their stay on our Internet site—which specific sub-site of our Internet page was visited by the data subject. This information is collected through the Facebook component and associated with the respective Facebook account of the data subject. If the data subject clicks on one of the Facebook buttons integrated into our website, e.g. the "Like" button, or if the data subject submits a comment, then Facebook matches this information with the personal Facebook user account of the data subject and stores the personal data.

Facebook always receives, through the Facebook component, information about a visit to our website by the data subject, whenever the data subject is logged in at the same time on Facebook during the time of the call-up to our website. This occurs regardless of whether the data subject clicks on the Facebook component or not. If such a transmission of information to Facebook is not desirable for the data subject, then he or she may prevent this by logging off from their Facebook account before a call-up to our website is made.

The data protection guideline published by Facebook, which is available at https://facebook.com/about/privacy/, provides information about the collection, processing and use of personal data by Facebook. In addition, it is explained there what setting options Facebook offers to protect the privacy of the data subject. In addition, different configuration options are made available to allow the elimination of data transmission to Facebook. These applications may be used by the data subject to eliminate a data transmission to Facebook.

14. Data protection provisions about the application and use of Matomo
On this website, the controller has integrated the Matomo component. Matomo is an open-source software tool for web analysis. Web analysis is the collection, gathering and evaluation of data on the behavior of visitors from Internet sites. A web analysis tool collects, inter alia, data on the website from which a data subject came to a website (so-called referrer), which pages of the website were accessed or how often and for which period of time a sub-page was viewed. A web analysis is mainly used for the optimization of a website and the cost-benefit analysis of Internet advertising.

The software is operated on the server of the controller, the data protection-sensitive log files are stored exclusively on this server.

The purpose of the Matomo component is the analysis of the visitor flows on our website. The controller uses the obtained data and information, inter alia, to evaluate the use of this website in order to compile online reports, which show the activities on our Internet pages.

Matomo sets a cookie on the information technology system of the data subject. The definition of cookies is explained above. With the setting of the cookie, an analysis of the use of our website is enabled. With each call-up to one of the individual pages of this website, the Internet browser on the information technology system of the data subject is automatically through the Matomo component prompted to submit data for the purpose of online analysis to our server. During the course of this technical procedure, we obtain knowledge about personal information, such as the IP address of the data subject, which serves to understand the origin of visitors and clicks. Matomo uses only anonymous IP data. Matomo stores in the database each new visitor IP address (ipv4 or ipv6 format) with the last components removed to protect user’s privacy.

The cookie is used to store personal information, such as the access time, the location from which access was made, and the frequency of visits to our website. With each visit of our Internet pages, these personal data, including the IP address of the Internet access used by the data subject, are transferred to our server. These personal data will be stored by us with IP anonymisation. We do not forward this personal data to third parties.

The data subject may, as stated above, prevent the setting of cookies through our website at any time by means of a corresponding adjustment of the web browser used and thus permanently deny the setting of cookies. Such an adjustment to the used Internet browser would also prevent Matomo from setting a cookie on the information technology system of the data subject. In addition, cookies already in use by Matomo may be deleted at any time via a web browser or other software programs.

In addition, the data subject has the possibility of objecting to a collection of data relating to a use of this Internet site that are generated by Matomo as well as the processing of these data by Matomo and the chance to preclude any such. For this, the data subject must set an opt-out cookie:

The opt-out cookie that is set for this purpose is placed on the information technology system used by the data subject. If the cookies are deleted on the system of the data subject, then the data subject must call-up the link again and set a new opt-out cookie.

With each setting of the opt-out cookie, however, there is the possibility that the websites of the controller are no longer fully usable for the data subject.

Further information and the applicable data protection provisions of Matomo may be retrieved under https://matomo.org/privacy/.

15. Data protection provisions about the application and use of Twitter
On this website, the controller has integrated components of Twitter. Twitter is a multilingual, publicly-accessible microblogging service on which users may publish and spread so-called ‘tweets,’ e.g. short messages, which are limited to 140 characters. These short messages are available for everyone, including those who are not logged on to Twitter. The tweets are also displayed to so-called followers of the respective user. Followers are other Twitter users who follow a user's tweets. Furthermore, Twitter allows you to address a wide audience via hashtags, links or retweets.

The operating company of Twitter is Twitter, Inc., 1355 Market Street, Suite 900, San Francisco, CA 94103, UNITED STATES.

With each call-up to one of the individual pages of this Internet site, which is operated by the controller and on which a Twitter component (Twitter button) was integrated, the Internet browser on the information technology system of the data subject is automatically prompted to download a display of the corresponding Twitter component of Twitter. Further information about the Twitter buttons is available under https://about.twitter.com/de/resources/buttons. During the course of this technical procedure, Twitter gains knowledge of what specific sub-page of our website was visited by the data subject. The purpose of the integration of the Twitter component is a retransmission of the contents of this website to allow our users to introduce this web page to the digital world and increase our visitor numbers.

If the data subject is logged in at the same time on Twitter, Twitter detects with every call-up to our website by the data subject and for the entire duration of their stay on our Internet site which specific sub-page of our Internet page was visited by the data subject. This information is collected through the Twitter component and associated with the respective Twitter account of the data subject. If the data subject clicks on one of the Twitter buttons integrated on our website, then Twitter assigns this information to the personal Twitter user account of the data subject and stores the personal data.

Twitter receives information via the Twitter component that the data subject has visited our website, provided that the data subject is logged in on Twitter at the time of the call-up to our website. This occurs regardless of whether the person clicks on the Twitter component or not. If such a transmission of information to Twitter is not desirable for the data subject, then he or she may prevent this by logging off from their Twitter account before a call-up to our website is made.

The applicable data protection provisions of Twitter may be accessed under https://twitter.com/privacy?lang=en.

16. Data protection provisions about the application and use of YouTube
On this website, the controller has integrated components of YouTube. YouTube is an Internet video portal that enables video publishers to set video clips and other users free of charge, which also provides free viewing, review and commenting on them. YouTube allows you to publish all kinds of videos, so you can access both full movies and TV broadcasts, as well as music videos, trailers, and videos made by users via the Internet portal.

The operating company of YouTube is YouTube, LLC, 901 Cherry Ave., San Bruno, CA 94066, UNITED STATES. The YouTube, LLC is a subsidiary of Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Pkwy, Mountain View, CA 94043-1351, UNITED STATES.

With each call-up to one of the individual pages of this Internet site, which is operated by the controller and on which a YouTube component (YouTube video) was integrated, the Internet browser on the information technology system of the data subject is automatically prompted to download a display of the corresponding YouTube component. Further information about YouTube may be obtained under https://www.youtube.com/intl/en/yt/about/. During the course of this technical procedure, YouTube and Google gain knowledge of what specific sub-page of our website was visited by the data subject.

If the data subject is logged in on YouTube, YouTube recognizes with each call-up to a sub-page that contains a YouTube video, which specific sub-page of our Internet site was visited by the data subject. This information is collected by YouTube and Google and assigned to the respective YouTube account of the data subject.

YouTube and Google will receive information through the YouTube component that the data subject has visited our website, if the data subject at the time of the call to our website is logged in on YouTube; this occurs regardless of whether the person clicks on a YouTube video or not. If such a transmission of this information to YouTube and Google is not desirable for the data subject, the delivery may be prevented if the data subject logs off from their own YouTube account before a call-up to our website is made.

YouTube's data protection provisions, available at https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/, provide information about the collection, processing and use of personal data by YouTube and Google.

17. Data protection provisions about the application and use of Google Cloud Messaging (CGM)
In the android Repetier-Informer app, the controller has integrated components of Google. The android Repetier-Informer app uses Google Cloud Messaging (GCM) to provide information to mobile end devices, which can then use it in the Repetier-Informer app.

The operating company of Google is Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Pkwy, Mountain View, CA 94043-1351, UNITED STATES.

When setting up the Repetier-Informer app, an existing group with corresponding group ID is entered or a new group is created. Here we receive from Google the device ID to which we can send push messages.

With each message we transmit the message text and if specified a link via GCM to a specific Google device ID, so that the Repetier-Informer app receives this data.

Google's data protection provisions, available at https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/, provide information about the collection, processing and use of personal data by Google.

18. Data protection provisions about the application and use of Apple Push Notification service (APNs)
In the iOS Repetier-Informer app, the controller has integrated components of Apple. The iOS Repetier-Informer app uses Apple Push Notification service (APNs) to provide information to mobile end devices, which can then use it in the Repetier-Informer app.

The operating company of Apple is Apple, 1 Infinite Loop, Cupertino, CA 95014, UNITED STATES.

When setting up the Repetier-Informer app, an existing group with corresponding group ID is entered or a new group is created. Here we receive from Apple the device ID to which we can send push messages.

With each message we transmit the message text and if specified a link via APNs to a specific Apple device ID, so that the Repetier-Informer app receives this data.

Apple’s data protection provisions, available at https://www.apple.com/privacy/, provide information about the collection, processing and use of personal data by Apple.

19. Stop receiving push messages from Repetier-Informer
The only aim of the Repetier-Informer app is that the programs like Repetier-Server and Repetier-Host, both developed by Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG, send status messages of your 3d printer via push message to your smartphones and / or tablets.

If you do not want to receive push messages on your smartphone or tablet, you can delete the assigned groups in the app settings, you can uninstall the app or you can deactivate push messages in Repetier-Host and / or Repetier-Server.

20. Payment Method: Data protection provisions about the use of PayPal as a payment processor
On this website, the controller has integrated components of PayPal. PayPal is an online payment service provider. Payments are processed via so-called PayPal accounts, which represent virtual private or business accounts. PayPal is also able to process virtual payments through credit cards when a user does not have a PayPal account. A PayPal account is managed via an e-mail address, which is why there are no classic account numbers. PayPal makes it possible to trigger online payments to third parties or to receive payments. PayPal also accepts trustee functions and offers buyer protection services.

The European operating company of PayPal is PayPal (Europe) S.à.r.l. & Cie. S.C.A., 22-24 Boulevard Royal, 2449 Luxembourg, Luxembourg.

If the data subject chooses "PayPal" as the payment option in the online shop during the ordering process, we automatically transmit the data of the data subject to PayPal. By selecting this payment option, the data subject agrees to the transfer of personal data required for payment processing.

The personal data transmitted to PayPal is usually first name, last name, address, email address, IP address, telephone number, mobile phone number, or other data necessary for payment processing. The processing of the purchase contract also requires such personal data, which are in connection with the respective order.

The transmission of the data is aimed at payment processing and fraud prevention. The controller will transfer personal data to PayPal, in particular, if a legitimate interest in the transmission is given. The personal data exchanged between PayPal and the controller for the processing of the data will be transmitted by PayPal to economic credit agencies. This transmission is intended for identity and creditworthiness checks.

PayPal will, if necessary, pass on personal data to affiliates and service providers or subcontractors to the extent that this is necessary to fulfill contractual obligations or for data to be processed in the order.

The data subject has the possibility to revoke consent for the handling of personal data at any time from PayPal. A revocation shall not have any effect on personal data which must be processed, used or transmitted in accordance with (contractual) payment processing.

The applicable data protection provisions of PayPal may be retrieved under https://www.paypal.com/us/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-full.

21. Data transmission of Repetier-Host
Repetier-Host only connects to the web servers of Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG to check for updates or to download advertising contents. If the data subject uses a customized host version of a third party, the host may connect to a web server of a third party to check for updates. In the program are some links to web pages which can be opened in the standard browser by clicking on them.

Repetier-Host can communicate with Repetier-Server instances, that may run on other computers, if they were explicitly connected. Repetier-Host can send and / or receive data to / from Repetier-Server like g-codes, models, images, printer information, information about all stored models, … to control 3d printers and manage stored data.

Repetier-Host can send 3d status messages to the Repetier-Informer app, if the connection was explicitly configured.

22. Data transmission of Repetier-Server
Repetier-Server only connects to the web servers of Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG to check for updates and to validate an entered license key. If the data subject uses a customized Repetier-Server version of a third party, the server may connect to a web server of a third party to check for updates. In the program are some links to web pages which can be opened in the standard browser by clicking on them.

Repetier-Server can communicate with Repetier-Host instances, that may run on other computers, if they were explicitly connected. Repetier-Server can send and / or receive data to / from Repetier-Host like g-codes, models, images, printer information, information about all stored models, … to control 3d printers and manage stored data.

Repetier-Server can send 3d status messages to the Repetier-Informer app, if the connection was explicitly configured.

Repetier-Server works like a web server and can be accessed by any recent web browser. Depending on the user’s network configuration, this can be internal only or globally. For this reason we highly recommend to enable user authentication in Repetier-Server.

The data subject can connect Repetier-Server to the Repetier cloud services to get full access to connected Repetier-Server instances from everywhere to authorized users via https://my.repetier.com. To allow this functionality, the Repetier cloud services need to store additional data and also may cache server states, images and process data sent from the Repetier-Server.

23. Legal basis for the processing
Art. 6(1) lit. a GDPR serves as the legal basis for processing operations for which we obtain consent for a specific processing purpose. If the processing of personal data is necessary for the performance of a contract to which the data subject is party, as is the case, for example, when processing operations are necessary for the supply of goods or to provide any other service, the processing is based on Article 6(1) lit. b GDPR. The same applies to such processing operations which are necessary for carrying out pre-contractual measures, for example in the case of inquiries concerning our products or services. Is our company subject to a legal obligation by which processing of personal data is required, such as for the fulfillment of tax obligations, the processing is based on Art. 6(1) lit. c GDPR. In rare cases, the processing of personal data may be necessary to protect the vital interests of the data subject or of another natural person. This would be the case, for example, if a visitor were injured in our company and his name, age, health insurance data or other vital information would have to be passed on to a doctor, hospital or other third party. Then the processing would be based on Art. 6(1) lit. d GDPR. Finally, processing operations could be based on Article 6(1) lit. f GDPR. This legal basis is used for processing operations which are not covered by any of the abovementioned legal grounds, if processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by our company or by a third party, except where such interests are overridden by the interests or fundamental rights and freedoms of the data subject which require protection of personal data. Such processing operations are particularly permissible because they have been specifically mentioned by the European legislator. He considered that a legitimate interest could be assumed if the data subject is a client of the controller (Recital 47 Sentence 2 GDPR).

24. The legitimate interests pursued by the controller or by a third party
Where the processing of personal data is based on Article 6(1) lit. f GDPR our legitimate interest is to carry out our business in favor of the well-being of all our employees and the shareholders.

25. Period for which the personal data will be stored
The criteria used to determine the period of storage of personal data is the respective statutory retention period. After expiration of that period, the corresponding data is routinely deleted, as long as it is no longer necessary for the fulfillment of the contract or the initiation of a contract.

26. Provision of personal data as statutory or contractual requirement; Requirement necessary to enter into a contract; Obligation of the data subject to provide the personal data; possible consequences of failure to provide such data
We clarify that the provision of personal data is partly required by law (e.g. tax regulations) or can also result from contractual provisions (e.g. information on the contractual partner). Sometimes it may be necessary to conclude a contract that the data subject provides us with personal data, which must subsequently be processed by us. The data subject is, for example, obliged to provide us with personal data when our company signs a contract with him or her. The non-provision of the personal data would have the consequence that the contract with the data subject could not be concluded. Before personal data is provided by the data subject, the data subject must contact our Data Protection Officer. Our Data Protection Officer clarifies to the data subject whether the provision of the personal data is required by law or contract or is necessary for the conclusion of the contract, whether there is an obligation to provide the personal data and the consequences of non-provision of the personal data.

27. Existence of automated decision-making
As a responsible company, we do not use automatic decision-making or profiling.

This Privacy Policy has been generated by the Privacy Policy Generator of the External Data Protection Officer (https://dg-datenschutz.de/services/external-data-protection-officer/?lang=en) from DGD Deutsche Gesellschaft für Datenschutz GmbH, which has been developed in cooperation with WILDE BEUGER SOLMECKE | Lawyers (https://www.wbs-law.de/) and the used hardware dealer RC GmbH (http://remarketing.company/). The generated privacy policy has been changed and extended by Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG.

Hona hemen Google Translate-k itzulpenik gabeko aldaketa:

Oso pozik gure enpresa interes orokorrak duzu gara. Datu babesa lehentasuna bereziki altua da kudeaketa Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG. erabilera Repetier software ( Repetier-Host, Repetier-Server, Repetier-Informer) eta Repetier webgune (https://www.repetier.com, http://www.repetier-server.com, https://my.repetier.com, https://forum.repetier.com, http://www.repetier-apps.com, ...) kudeatzen dituen Hot-World GmbH & Co. KGposible dira datu pertsonalak zantzurik gabe; Hala ere, datu gai bat enpresa berezien zerbitzuak erabili gure software, aplikazioa edo web bidez egin nahi izanez gero, datu pertsonalak prozesatzeko beharrezkoa izan daiteke. Datu pertsonalak prozesatzeko beharrezko bada eta ez dago estatutu esaterako prozesatzeko oinarria da, oro har, lortu ditugun datuak gaia baimena.

datu pertsonalak, hala nola, izena, helbidea, helbide elektronikoa, gailu NAN edo datuak gai bat telefono zenbakia bezala prozesatzeko zaio beti General Datuak Babesteko Araudia (GDPR) line izango da, eta hauen arabera herrialde jakin aplika datuak babesteko araudia Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG. datuen babes hori aitorpen bidez, gure enpresa izaera, esparrua, eta helburua, datu pertsonalak bildu, erabili eta prozesuaren arteko publiko orokorrari informazioa eman nahi. Gainera, datu irakasgai zaie, datuak babesteko honek aitorpen bidez, eskubide hori izateko eskubidea dute.

kontroladorea bezala, Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG bidez prozesatu datu pertsonalen babesari osoena bermatzeko neurri teknikoak eta antolakuntza ugari ezarri ditu Repetier software, aplikazioak eta webguneak, eta horiek konpainiarena dedikatu web zerbitzarietan gordetzen Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG. Hala ere, Internet bidezko datuen transmisio daiteke printzipioz dute segurtasun hutsuneak, beraz, babes absolutuak ezingo dira bermatu.

1. Definizioak
datuak babesteko deklarazioa Hot-World GmbH & Co. KGoinarritutako General Datuak Babesteko Araudia (GDPR) hartzea Europako legegileak erabilitako terminoak da. Gure datuak babesteko adierazpena irakur eta ulergarria publiko orokorrarentzat, baita gure bezeroei eta enpresa bazkide izan behar. Hau ziurtatzeko, lehen azaldu erabilitako terminologia nahi genuke.

datuen babes hori adierazpenean, erabili dugu, besteak beste, honako baldintzapean:

a) Datu pertsonalak
Pertsona fisiko identifikatu edo identifikagarri ( "datu gaia") buruzko informazio esan nahi du. Pertsona natural identifikagarri An nor identifikatu ahal izango da, zuzenean edo zeharka, bereziki identifikatzailea erreferentzia moduan, besteak beste, izena, identifikazio zenbaki bat, kokapen-datuak, online identifikatzaile bezala edo faktore bat edo gehiago fisiko, fisiologiko espezifikoak da, Pertsona natural horren identitate genetikoa, mental, ekonomiko, kultural edo sozial.

b) Datuak gaia
Datuak gaia edozein pertsona fisiko identifikatu edo identifikagarri, zeinen pertsonala datuak kontroladorea tratatzeko ardura prozesatu da.

c) Prozesatzeko
Prozesatzeko edozein eragiketa edo zein da datu pertsonalak edo datu pertsonalen multzo egin, ala ez arabera bitarteko automatikoak eragiketak, hala nola, bilduma, grabaketa, antolaketa, egituraketa, biltegiratze, egokitzapen edo aldaketa, berreskuratze, kontsulta, erabilera gisa ezarri da, transmisioa, zabalkundea edo bestela eskura jartzea, lerrokatzea edo konbinazioa, murrizketa, ezereztu edo suntsitzea by dibulgazioa.

d) Murrizketa prozesatzeko
prozesatzeko mugatzea da gordetzen, beren prozesatzeko mugatuz etorkizunean asmoz datu pertsonalen markatuz.

e) Profiling
Profiling edozein datu pertsonalen erabilerari pertsona fisikoa alderdi pertsonal batzuk ebaluatzeko osatutako datu pertsonalen tratamendu automatizatuaren forma esan nahi, bereziki aztertzeko edo dagokion alderdiak aurreikusten dituzten pertsona natural lana, egoera ekonomikoa, osasuna, lehentasunak pertsonala performance , interesak, fidagarritasuna, portaera, kokapena edo mugimenduak.

f) Pseudonymisation
Pseudonymisation modu batean hala nola, datu pertsonalak ezin da informazio gehigarri erabili gabe datuak gai zehatz bati egotzi, baldin eta informazio osagarria bereizita mantentzen da eta, neurri teknikoak eta antolakuntza menpe dauden datu pertsonalen tratamenduari da datu pertsonalak ez dira pertsona fisiko identifikatu edo identifikagarri egotzitako.

g) Controller edo controller tratatzeko ardura
Controller edo controller tratatzeko ardura duen pertsona fisiko edo juridikoa, agintaritza publikoa, agentzia edo beste gorputz bertan, bakarrik edo elkarrekin besteekin, zehazten helburu eta datu pertsonalen tratamenduari bitartez da; non helburu eta bide horien tramitazioa dira Batasunaren edo estatu kide legez zehaztu, kontroladorea edo irizpide zehatz bere candidatura egon emandako daiteke Union edo estatu kide legez.

h) Processor
Prozesadorea pertsona fisiko edo juridikoa, agintaritza publikoa, agentzia edo beste gorputz bertan kontroladorea izenean datu pertsonalak prozesatu da.

i) hartzailea
Hartzailea pertsona fisiko edo juridikoa, agintaritza publikoa, agentzia edo beste gorputz bat, zein datu pertsonalak kontuetarako ari da, hirugarren batek ala ez. Hala ere, botere publikoek zein datu pertsonalen jaso ahal Batasuneko edo kideen Estatuko legeak ezin izango hartzaile gisa hartzen jarraituz ikerketa zehatz baten esparruan ere; botere publiko horiek datu horiek prozesatzeko beharko aplikagarriak datuak babesteko arauak tratamenduari helburuekin arabera betetzen egon.

j) Hirugarrenak
Hirugarrenak pertsona fisiko edo juridikoa, agintaritza publikoa, agentzia edo gorputzean datuak gaia, controller, prozesadorea eta, kontroladorea edo prozesadore autoridad zuzeneko azpian, datu pertsonalak prozesatzeko baimena pertsona baino beste da.

k) adostasuna
datuen gaia baimena da edozein askatasunez eman, datu gaia ren nahiaren adierazpen, informatu eta zalantzarik gabe berak, adierazpen bat edo baiezko ekintza argi batek horren bidez, akordio ondorioztatzen datu pertsonalak berari dagozkion tratamenduari .

2. Izena eta kontroladorea Address
datuen babesari lotutako General Datuak Babesteko Araudia (GDPR), beste datuen babeserako legeak Europar Batasuneko estatu kideen eta beste xedapen aplikagarriak helburuetarako Controller da:

Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG

Knickelsdorf 42

47877 Willich

Alemanian

Telefonoa: +49 (0) 2154 - 60 65 18

Posta elektronikoa: info@repetier.com

Webguneak: https://www.repetier.com, http://www.repetier-server.com, https://my.repetier.com, https://forum.repetier.com, http://www.repetier-apps.com, ...

3. Izena eta Datuak Babesteko Officer Address
Datuak Babesteko kontroladorea ofiziala da:

Marcus Littwin
Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG

Knickelsdorf 42

47877 Willich

Alemanian

Telefonoa: +49 (0) 2154 - 60 65 18

Posta elektronikoa: info@repetier.com

Webguneak: https://www.repetier.com, http://www.repetier-server.com, https://my.repetier.com, https://forum.repetier.com, http://www.repetier-apps.com, ...

datuen gaia Edozein daiteke, edozein unetan, harremanetan gure Datuak Babesteko Officer zuzenean datuen babesari buruzko galderak eta iradokizunak guztiekin.

4. Cookieak
Internet orrialdeetan Hot-World GmbH & Co. KGCookieak erabiltzen. Cookieak diren sistema informatiko batean gordeko Internet nabigatzaileak baten bidez testu fitxategiak dira.

Internet guneak eta zerbitzariak askok cookieak erabiltzea. cookies askok eduki cookie ID deiturikoak. cookie ID A cookie identifikatzaile bakarra da. osatzen katea horren bidez, internet orriak eta zerbitzariak ezin du Internet nabigatzailea zehatz bertan cookiea gordetzen zen esleitzen ahal ditu. Honi esker, bisitatu Internet guneak eta zerbitzariak banakako beste cookieak daukaten beste Internet nabigatzaile batetik gaiari dats du nabigatzaileak bereizteko. Interneteko nabigatzailean zehatz bat ezagutu eta the cookie ID esklusiboa erabiliz identifikatu.

galletak, erabilera bidez Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG webgune honen erabiltzaileei eskaintzeko aukera erabiltzaileak errespetatzen zerbitzu gehiago ez litzateke posible cookie ezarpena gabe.

cookie bidez, informazioa eta eskaintzak gure webgunean kontuan erabiltzaile batera optimizatu daiteke. Cookieak gure web erabiltzaileek digu, lehen aipatu dugun bezala, aitortu baimendu. aitorpen honen xedea da egin erabiltzaileek gure webgunean erabili ahal izan ditzaten. Orri erabiltzaile cookieak erabiltzen duten, adibidez, ez du zertan sarbide datuak sartu den bakoitzean webgunera sartzen da, hau da hartu duelako baino gehiago webgunearen arabera, eta cookiean beraz erabiltzailearen sistema ordenagailuan gordeta. Beste adibide bat erosketa saskia baten cookiean denda online da. online dendan bezero batek cookie bat bidez erosketak birtual saskia jartzen artikuluak gogoratzen.

datuen gaia daiteke, edozein unetan, saihesteko cookieak ezarpena gure web orriaren bidez, dagokion erabiliko Interneteko nabigatzailean ezarpena baten bidez, eta baliteke horrela betirako cookieak ezarpena ukatzen. Gainera, dagoeneko ezarri cookieak noiznahi ezaba daitezke internet nabigatzailean bat edo beste software programak bidez. Hau da, posible Internet popular nabigatzaile guztietan. datuen gaia erabiliko Internet nabigatzailea cookieak ezarpena desaktibatzen baduzu, ez gure webgunean funtzio guztiak erabat erabilgarri egon daitezke.

5. datu orokorrak eta informazioa Collection
Webgune eta Repetier API (Application Programming Interface) du Hot-World GmbH & Co. KGdatu orokorrak eta informazioa sail bat biltzen datuak gai bat edo sistema automatizatu deitzen dio webgunera edo API. datu eta informazio orokorra Hau zerbitzari log fitxategietan gordetzen dira. Bildutako (1) nabigatzaile mota eta bertsio erabili ahal izango da, (2) accessing sistemak erabiltzen den sistema eragilea, (3) Webgunea bertatik accessing-sistema bat, gure webgunean (erreferentzia deiturikoak) iristen, (4) sub du -websites, (5) data eta Internet gunean sartzeko, (6) Internet protokoloaren helbidea (IP helbidea), (7) Interneteko zerbitzu accessing sistemaren hornitzailearen eta (8) beste edozein antzeko datuen denbora eta gure informazio teknologia sistemetan erasoak gertatuz gero erabili ahal izango da informazioa.

datu orokorrak hauek eta informazio, erabiltzean Hot-World GmbH & Co. KGez ditu ondorioak atera daturik gaiari buruz. Izan ere, informazio hori behar da (1) web edukia behar bezala emateko, (2) web edukia optimizatzeko baita bere iragarki gisa, (3) epe luzerako gure informazio teknologia sistemak eta webgune teknologiaren bideragarritasuna bermatzeko eta (4) eskaintzen polizia-agintariek akusazio penala cyber-eraso baten kasuan beharrezko informazioarekin. Hori dela eta, Hot-World GmbH & Co. KGanalisiak anonimoki bildutako datuak eta informazioa estatistikoki, datuak babesteko eta datuen segurtasun gure enpresa handitzeko asmoz, eta babes-maila optimoa datu pertsonalak prozesatzeko ditugu bermatzeko. zerbitzari log fitxategiak datu anonimoak bereizita gordetzen dira datuak gai bati emandako datu pertsonalak guztietatik.

6. gure webgunean izen-ematea
datuen gaia aukerari datu pertsonalen zantzurik batera kontroladorea webguneetan erregistratu ditu. Zein datu pertsonalak dira kontroladorea transmititzen du matrikula egiteko erabiltzen dagozkien sarrerako maskara zehazten. datuen gaia sartutako datu pertsonalak bildu eta esklusiboki gordetako barne erabilerarako kontroladorea arabera, eta bere helburu propioa. Controller transferentzia eskatu ahal prozesadore bat edo gehiago (adibidez, Apple edo Google Push mezu zerbitzua) ere datu pertsonalak erabiltzen du barruko helburua bat da, controller egotzi behar. Controller automatikoaren berrespena e-mail bat bidaliko du opt-in prozedura bikoitza egiaztatzeko zehaztutako e-posta helbidea jabeak aukera hau aldeko erabaki ala ez.

kontroladorea webgunean erregistratuz, IP helbide-esleitzen Internet zerbitzu hornitzailea (ISP) eta datu gaia eguneratua erabiltzen, eta izena emateko garaian, gainera gordetzen dira. Datu horiek gordetzeko gertatzen atzealdean hori gure zerbitzuen gehiegikeria saihesteko bide bakarra aurka, eta, beharrezkoa bada, konprometitua delitu ikertzeko aukera ematen dadin. Neurrian, datu horiek gordetzeko beharrezkoa da kontroladorea ziurtatzeko. Datu hori ez da gainditu hirugarrenei ezean estatutu betebeharra baten datuen pasa da, edo transferentzia akusazio penala asmoz balio badu.

datuen gaia erregistroa, borondatezko datu pertsonalen zantzurik batera, xedea kontroladorea gaitu datu gaia edukiak edo zerbitzuak baino ezin izango da erregistratutako erabiltzaileei eskaini ondorioz dagokion materiaren izaera eskaintzeko. Erregistratuta Pertsona doan izena emateko garaian zehaztutako datu pertsonalak aldatzeko edozein unetan, edo dute horiek erabat datuak kontroladorea stock ezabatuko dira.

datuak kontroladorea dituzte, edozein unetan, datu subjektu bakoitzari eskatuta informazioa emateko zein datu pertsonalen datuen gaiari buruz gordetzen diren moduan. Horrez gain, datu kontroladorea zuzendu zaio edo datu pertsonalak ezabatzeko eskaera edo zantzurik datuak gaiaren berean, neurrian ez dago biltegiratze betebeharrak estatutu. A Datuak Babesteko Officer bereziki datuen babes hori adierazpenean, baita kontroladorea langile osoa ere izendatu eskuragarri datuak Zentzu honetan harremanetarako pertsona bezala ere gaia da.

7. Harremanetarako aukera webgunearen bidez
webguneak Hot-World GmbH & Co. KGGure enpresa kontaktu bat azkar elektronikoak, baita zuzeneko komunikazio gurekin, eta horrek ere elektronikoki deiturikoak (e-posta helbidea) en helbide orokor bat barne ematen duen informazioa du. datuen gaia Kontaktuen e-mail bidez edo harremanetarako formulario baten bidez kontroladorea bada, transmititzen datuak gaia bidez datu pertsonalak automatikoki gordetzen dira. borondatez igorritako datuen datuak kontroladorea menpe batek datu pertsonalak, hala nola diren prozesatzeko helburua edo datu gaia harremanetan jartzeagatik gordetzen. Ez dago hirugarren batzuei datu pertsonalen honen transferentzia da.

8. Oharrak funtzioa webguneko foroan
The Hot-World GmbH & Co. KGeskaintzen die aukera banakako forum forum bat, eta hori kontroladorea webgunean dago ekarpenak banakako iruzkinak uzteko. foroa web-oinarritutako, portal publikoki eskuragarria, horren bidez, pertsona bat edo gehiago artikulu argitaratu daiteke edo idatzi mezuak deiturikoak pentsamenduak da. Foroa mezu daiteke normalean hirugarrenek komentatzen.

datuen gai bati webgune honetan argitaratuko foroa iruzkin bat uzten badu, datu gaia azken iruzkinak ere gordetzen dira eta argitaratu, baita datuen gaia aukeratutako comentario du eta erabiltzailearen (ezizena) datan informazioa . Horrez gain, IP Interneteko zerbitzu hornitzaileak (ISP) datuen gaiari esleitutako helbide halaber saioa. IP helbidea biltegiratze hau gertatzen segurtasun arrazoiengatik, eta kasu horretan, datu gaia hirugarrenek, edo mezu bat bizitzen eskubideak urratzen iruzkin jakin baten bidez. datu pertsonalak hauen biltegia da, beraz, datuak kontroladorea interes propioa du, beraz, arau hauste bat gertatuz gero, ezin zuen exculpate. Hau bildutako datu pertsonalak ez zaizkio beste inori pasatu,

9. foroan iruzkinak webgunearen bidez harpidetza
horren foroan egindako iruzkinak Hot-World GmbH & Co. KGharpidetuta egon daiteke hirugarrenek da. Bereziki, han aukera commenter duten jakin bat forum post bere iruzkinak honako iruzkinak izenpetzen da.

aukera iruzkinak harpidetu noiznahi amaitu ahal izango da.

10. Routine erasure eta datu pertsonalen blokeatzea
datuak kontroladorea prozesatu dira eta datuen gaia beharrezkoa aldian soilik datu pertsonalak gordetzeko biltegiratze helburua lortzeko, edo neurrian ez horixe da Europako legegileak edo beste legegile lege edo arauetan zein kontroladorea da gaiaren arabera emandako egiteko.

biltegiratze helburua ez dela Behar bada, edo biltegiratze aldi bat agindutako Europako legegileak edo beste eskumena legegile by iraungi bada, datu pertsonalak moduan blokeatu edo legezko baldintzak betez ezabatu.

11. datuen gaia Eskubideen
a) berrespena Eskuin
datuen gai bakoitzean emandako Europako legegileak by eskubidea harçaz edo bere prozesatzen ari dira ala ez dute datu pertsonalak bezala kontroladorea lortzeko berrespena izango dute. datuen gai bat bere burua avail berrespena eskubidea honen nahi badu, berak izango dira, edozein unetan, harremanetan gure Datuak Babesteko Officer edo kontroladorea langile bat.

b) sarbide Eskuin
datuen gai bakoitzean emandako Europako legegileak by eskubidea kontroladore libre eta noiznahi gordeta bere datu pertsonalak buruzko informazioa Informazio honen kopia batetik gainean egoteko. Gainera, Europako zuzentarau eta araudi egoztea datuak gaia honako informazioa eskuratzeko:

tratamenduari helburuekin;
interesdunek datu pertsonalen sailkatuta du;
hartzaileak edo hartzaile nori datu pertsonalak izan dira edo kontuetarako egingo dira, hirugarren herrialde edo nazioarteko erakundeetan hartzaileei bereziki-motak;
ahal den neurrian, aurreikusitako epearen zein datu pertsonalak gordetzen dira, edo, irizpideak aldi horretan zehazteko posible ez bada;
eskubidea kontroladore zuzenketa edo datu pertsonalen erasure edo murrizketarik datuen gaia dagozkion datu pertsonalak prozesatzeko eskatu, edo, hala nola, prozesatzeko oposiziorako existentzia;
eskubidea gainbegiratze autoridad batekin kexa bat aurkezteko existentzia;
Bertan datu pertsonalak ez dira datu gaia, eskuragarri edozein informazio beren iturri gisa bildu;
automatizatu erabakiak hartzea, profilaketa barne, artikulu 22 (1) eta (4) GDPR eta, gutxienez, kasu horietan, logika buruzko informazio esanguratsua hartzen ditu, baita garrantzia ere, eta aurreikusitako ondorioak ere existentzia datuen gaia, besteak beste, prozesatzeko.
Gainera, datu gaia informazio datu pertsonalak hirugarren herrialde edo nazioarteko erakunde bat transferitu ala ez lortzeko eskubidea daukate. Hala denean, datu gaia eskubidea transferentzia dagozkion berme egokiak informatuta egon behar zaio.

datuen subjektu berak eskuratu eskuratzeko eskubidea honen nahi badu, edozein unetan daiteke berak harremanetan gure Datuak Babesteko Officer edo kontroladorea langile bat.

c) zuzenketa Eskuin
datuen gai bakoitzean emandako Europako legegileak by eskubidea du berari dagozkion datu pertsonalak zehaztugabeak zuzenketa kontroladorea lortu gabeko atzerapenik gabe izango dute. Kontuan tratamenduaren xede hartuta, datu gaia eskubidea datu pertsonalak osatu gabe amaitu, besteak adierazpen osagarri bat eskaintzea bitartez izan dadin.

datuen gai bat zuzenketa eskubide hori baliatu nahi badu, berak izango dira, edozein unetan, harremanetan gure Datuak Babesteko Officer edo kontroladorea langile bat.

d) Eskuin erasure da (Eskuin ahaztu behar)
datuen gai bakoitzean emandako Europako legegileak by eskubidea kontroladorea datu pertsonalen erasure du berari dagozkion gabeko atzerapenik gabe lortzea izango dute, eta arduraduna betebeharra gabeko atzerapenik gabe datu pertsonalak ezabatu non honako arrazoi bat izango dute aplikatzen, tratamenduari ez da beharrezkoa, betiere:

datu pertsonalak ez da beharrezkoa zein dira bildu ziren edo bestela prozesatu helburuetarako aldean daude.
datuen gaia baimena zein tratamenduari point arabera oinarritzen da erretiratu (a) artikuluko 6 (1) GDPR, edo puntua (a) 9. artikulua (2) GDPR du, eta bertan ez dago beste lurrera legala prozesatzeko.
datuen gaia tratamenduari 21 artikuluaren arabera objektuak (1) GDPR du eta ez dago prozesatzeko legitimoa gainidazteko arrazoiengatik, edo datu gaia objektuak tratamenduari 21 artikuluaren arabera (2) GDPR du.
datu pertsonalak dira unlawfully prozesatu.
datu pertsonalak betetzeko ezabatu behar Union edo estatu kide Zuzenbidean legezko betebeharra zein kontroladorea da subjektu batekin.
datu pertsonalak dira aldean bildu 8. artikuluan aipatzen (1) GDPR de informazioaren gizartearen zerbitzuen eskaintza da.
Aipatutako arrazoi bat betetzen badu, eta datu-gai bati emandako gordetako datu pertsonalen erasure eskatu nahi du Hot-World GmbH & Co. KGEdozein unetan daiteke berak harremanetan gure Datuak Babesteko Officer edo kontroladorea langile bat. Datuak Babesteko Officer Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG edo langile beste zaio berehala bermatzeko erasure eskatuta berehala betetzen da.

Non kontroladorea datu pertsonalak publiko egin ditu, eta behartuta dago 17. artikuluan (1) Datu pertsonalak ezabatzeko, kontroladorea, teknologia eskuragarri eta ezartzeko kostua kontuan hartuta jarraiki, zentzuzko neurriak hartu dituzte, neurri teknikoak barne, beste informatzeko kontrolagailu datu gaia eskatu du erasure estekak, edo kopiatu edo, datu pertsonalak horiek erreplika, neurrian prozesatzeko ez da beharrezkoa kontrolagailu esaterako arabera, datu pertsonalak prozesatzeko. Datuak Babesteko Officer Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG edo langile beste kasu banakako beharrezko neurriak antolatu da.

e) prozesatzeko murrizten duten Eskuin
datuen gai bakoitzean emandako Europako legegileak by eskubidea kontroladore prozesatzeko murriztea lor izango dute non hauetako bat aplikatzen zaie:

datu pertsonalen zehaztasuna da daturik gaia impugna, aldi bat kontroladorea datu pertsonalen zehaztasuna egiaztatzeko ahalbidetzen da.
Prozesatzeko legez kanpokoa da eta datuak gaia datu pertsonalak eta eskaerak erasure beren erabilera-murrizketa ordez ordez aurka.
kontroladore jada ez tratamenduari helburuetarako datu pertsonalak behar du, baina, establezimendu, ariketa edo defentsa juridikoa erreklamazioak datu gaia arabera, beharrezkoak.
datuen gaiari du 21. artikuluan ezarritakoaren arabera prozesatzeko aurka (1) GDPR egiaztapen legitimoa kontroladorea arrazoi jaramonik ala datuak gaiaren horietan dauden.
Aipatutako baldintza bat betetzen bada, eta datu-gai bati emandako gordetako datu pertsonalen trataera murriztea eskatu nahi du Hot-World GmbH & Co. KGEdozein unetan daiteke berak harremanetan gure Datuak Babesteko Officer edo kontroladorea langile bat. Datuak Babesteko Officer Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG edo langile beste tratamenduari murrizketa antolatu da.

f) datuen eramangarritasuna Eskuin
datuen gai bakoitzean emandako Europako legegileak by eskubidea du berari dagozkion datu pertsonalak, izan zen kontroladore bat emandako jasotzeko, egituratua, normalean erabiltzen eta makina bidez irakurtzeko moduko formatuan izango dute. Zuen eskubidea kontroladorea batetik bestera kontroladore datu horiek transmititzeko oztoporik gabe izango dute zein datu pertsonalak eman dira, betiere tratamenduari da baimenik oinarritzen point (a) 6. artikuluaren jarraiki (1) of GDPR edo puntua (a) 9. artikulua (2) GDPR, edo kontratu point jarraiki on (b) artikuluaren 6 (1) GDPR, eta tratamenduaren egiten da metodo automatikoen bidez, betiere prozesatzeko ez da frakzio egindako interes publikoa edo autoritate ofiziala kontroladorea datza iharduera egiteko bat betetzeko beharrezkoa.

Gainera, bere datuen eramangarritasuna 20 artikuluaren arabera eskubidearen gauzatzean (1) GDPR du, datu gaia eskubidea, zuzenean transmititu kontroladore batetik bestera, non teknikoki bideragarria den datu pertsonalen izan dadin eta noiz egiten, beraz, ez du kaltegarria eragina eskubide eta askatasun besteen.

datu eramangarria izateko eskubidea aldarrikatzeko, datu gaia daiteke edozein momentutan kontaktua at Datuak Babesteko Officer izendatu dituen Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG edo beste langile.

g) Eskuin objektu
datuen gai bakoitzean emandako Europako legegileak by eskubidea, objektuak bere egoera berezia dagozkion arrazoiengatik, edozein unetan, datu pertsonalen tratamendu behar du berari dagozkion, hau da puntu (e) oinarritutako edo (f edukiko ) 6. artikuluaren (1) GDPR du. Hau ere profilaketa oinarritutako xedapen hauetan aplikatzen.

The Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG beharko Jada datu pertsonalak prozesatzeko eragozpena gertatuz gero, tratamenduari eta horrek interes, eskubide eta askatasun datuak gaiaren, edo establezimendu, ariketa edo defentsa juridikoa erreklamazioak egiteko jaramonik sinesgarria arrazoi legitimoak frogatu ahal bada behintzat dugu.

gero Hot-World GmbH & Co. KGdatu pertsonalak prozesu zuzeneko marketing helburuetarako, datu gaia eskubidea du berari dagozkion hala nola marketing datu pertsonalen tratamendu edozein unetan oposiziorako izango dute. Hau profilaketa aplikatzen neurrian dela, besteak beste, zuzeneko marketing lotutako da. datuen gaia den objektuak bada Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG zuzeneko marketing helburuetarako tratamenduari, the Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG ez da gehiago helburu horiek datu pertsonalak prozesatzeko.

Horrez gain, datu gaia eskubidea, arrazoiengatik bere egoera berezia dela, datu pertsonalak prozesatzeko oposiziorako berari dagozkion por ditu Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG ikerketa zientifiko edo historikoa helburuetarako edo helburu estatistikoetarako 89 artikuluaren arabera (1) GDPR du, prozesatzeko beharrezko ezean frakzio egindako interes publikoko arrazoiengatik zeregin bat betetzeko.

Ordena eskubidea oposiziorako baliatu, datuak gaia zuzenean harremanetan Datuak Babesteko ofizial Hot-World GmbH & Co. KGedo beste langile. Horrez gain, datu gaia informazioaren gizartearen zerbitzuen erabilera testuinguruan doakoa da, eta gorabehera 2002/58 / EE, bere bitarteko automatizatuak zehaztapen teknikoak erabiliz objektu eskuineko erabiltzeko.

h) Automated banakako erabakiak hartzea, profilaketa barne
datuen gai bakoitzean emandako Europako legegileak by eskubidea izango dute, ez soilik prozesatzeko, profilaketa barne, eta horrek ondorio juridikoak berari, edo antzeko nabarmen buruzko ekoizten erabakia menpe egongo den eragiten berari, betiere erabakia gisa (1) ez da beharrezkoa da sartzen, edo errendimendua, datuen gaiari eta datuak kontroladore bat, edo (2) ez da Batasunaren edo estatu kide legeak zein kontroladorea menpe dago eta horrek ere, planoan baimentzen arteko kontratua neurri behera egokiak datu gaia eskubideak eta askatasunak eta interesak babestuz, edo (3) ez da oinarritzen da datu gaia en berariazko baimenik orrian.

erabakia (1) beharrezkoa bada sartzen, edo errendimendua, datuen gaia eta datuak kontroladore bat, edo arteko kontratua (2) Datu gaia en berariazko baimenik oinarritzen da, eta Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG Datu gaia eskubideak eta askatasunak eta interesak babestuz, gutxienez eskubidea giza esku lortzeko kontroladorea aldetik, bere ikuspuntua adierazteko eta erabakia ukatzea neurri egokiak aplikatuko dituzte.

datuen gaia eskubideak erabili nahi badu automatizatu buruzkoa banakako erabakiak hartzea, edozein unetan, berak zuzenean harremanetan jarri ahal izango gure Datuak Babesteko Officer du Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG edo kontroladorea langile bat.

i) Eskuin datuak babesteko baimena erretiratuko
datuen gai bakoitzean emandako Europako legegileak by eskubidea bere baimena ezeztatu bere datu pertsonalak prozesatzeko edozein unetan izango dute.

datuen gaia eskubidea baimena erretiratuko baliatu nahi du f, edozein unetan daiteke berak zuzenean harremanetan gure Datuak Babesteko Officer Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG edo kontroladorea langile bat.

12. Datu babesa aplikazioak eta aplikazio prozedurak erabiliz
datuak kontroladorea bildu dira eta eskatzaileen datu pertsonalak prozesatzeko aplikazio prozedura izapidetzea helburua da. prozesatzeko ere izan daitezke frakzio egindako elektronikoki. Hau gertatzen da, bereziki, eskatzaileak aurkezten badu dagokion aplikazio dokumentuak e-mail bidez edo web formulario bat kontroladorea webguneko bitartez. datuak kontroladorea lan kontratua eskatzaileak ondorioztatzen bada, aurkeztutako datuak enplegua legezko baldintzak betez harremana prozesatzeko helburua gordeko da. no lan-kontratua kontroladorea arabera eskatzailearen amaitu bada, aplikazio dokumentuak automatikoki ezabatu egingo da bi hilabete uko erabakia jakinarazi ostean, baldin eta ez du beste kontroladorea legezko interesak direla erasure aurka.

13. Datu babesa aplikazioa eta erabilera Facebook-en inguruko xedapen
Web gune honetan, kontroladorea enpresa Facebook osagaiak integratu ditu. Facebook sare sozial bat da.

Sare sozial bat Interneten social bilerak, online komunitate bat, ohi erabiltzaileak elkarren artean komunikatzeko eta espazio birtualean elkarreragin leku bat da. sare sozial batek iritziak eta esperientziak trukatzeko plataforma gisa balioko du, edo gaitu Internet komunitateari informazio pertsonala edo laneko emateko. Facebook ahalbidetzen sare sozial erabiltzaile profilak pribatuak sortzea, besteak beste, argazkiak igo, eta lagun eskaerak bitartez sarea.

eragile Facebook konpainian Facebook, Inc., 1 Hacker Way, Menlo Park, CA 94025, Estatu Batuak da. Pertsona bat Estatu Batuetan edo Kanadan kanpo bizi bada, kontroladorea du Facebook Irlanda SL, 4 Grand Canal Square, Ubide Harbour, Dublin 2, Irlanda da.

Internet webgune hau, hau da kontroladorea eta bertan Facebook osagai bat sartu operatu orrietan banakako bat dei-up bakoitzarekin (Facebook pluginak) integratu zen, web nabigatzaileak informazioaren teknologiak datuak gaiaren sisteman dago automatikoki galdetuko dagokion Facebook Facebook osagai bistaratzea deskargatzeko Facebook osagaia bidez. Facebook Pluginak guztietako ikuspegi orokorra izango pean sar daitekehttps://developers.facebook.com/docs/plugins/. prozedura tekniko honetan zehar, Facebook da zer gure webgunean azpi-gune zen datuen gaia bisitatu jakitun egin.

datuen gaia da oraindik ere bada, Facebook-en aldi berean, Facebook guztietan dei-up gure webgunera datuak subjektu-and-ek euren egonaldiaren iraupena osoan gure Internet gune-bertan gure Internet azpi-gunean dagoen batekin detektatzen orri datuak gaia bisitatu zuten. Informazio hori Facebook osagaia bidez bildutako eta dagozkien Facebook datuak gaia kontu horrekin lotuta. datuen gaia Facebook botoiak bat gure webgunean integratuta, klik bada adibidez "Atsegin dut" botoia, edo datu gaia iruzkin bat aurkezten bada, orduan Facebook pertsonala Facebook erabiltzaileak datuak gaia eta dendetan kontu batera informazio hori datorrenean datu pertsonalak.

Facebook beti jasotzen, Facebook osagaia bidez, informazio gure web bisita bat datuak gaia bidez, direnean datuak gaia da oraindik ere, Facebook-en aldi berean, gure web dei-up denbora zehar buruz. Hau gertatzen datuak gaia Facebook osagaia edo ez clicks kontuan hartu gabe. besteak beste, Facebook, informazioa transmititzeko bat ez da desiragarria bada, datu gaia, eta gero berak Hori gerta daiteke off saioa amaitzeko euren Facebook kontutik egin da gure webgunean dei-up aurretik.

Facebook-ek argitaratutako datuen babes-gidaliburua https://facebook.com/about/privacy/ helbidean dago eskuragarri, Facebook-k datu pertsonalak biltzeko, tratatzeko eta erabiltzeko informazioa ematen du. Horrez gain, azalduko dizu zer aukera eskaintzen dituen Facebookek datuen pribatutasuna babesteko. Horrez gain, konfigurazio aukera desberdinak erabilgarri egongo dira datuen transmisioa Facebookera ezabatzeko. Aplikazio horiek datuen bidez erabil daitezke datuen transmisioa Facebookera kentzeko.

14. Datu babesa aplikazioa eta erabilera Matomo buruzko xedapen
Web gune honetan, kontroladorea Matomo osagaia integratu ditu. Matomo kode irekiko software web analisirako tresna bat da. Web analisiaren bilketa, bilketa eta datuen ebaluazioa bisitarien portaera Internet guneetako da. Web analisi tresna bat biltzen, besteak beste, webguneko bertatik datuak gai bat web orri bat (deiturikoak erreferentzia), eta horrek webguneko orrialdeetan sar ziren edo zenbatetan eta zein aldian denboraren dagoen azpi-orri bat izan zen etorri zitzaidan buruzko datuak bisitaldiak. Web azterketa A nagusiki webgune bat eta kostu-onura Internet publizitate analisia optimizatzeko erabiltzen da.

software da kontroladorea zerbitzariari ebakuntza, datuen babesari-sentikorra Erregistro fitxategiak esklusiboki gordetzen dira zerbitzari honetan.

Matomo osagaia helburua da bisitariari analisia gure webgunean isurtzen. Controller lortutako datuak eta informazioa, besteak beste, erabiltzen du webgune honen erabilera ebaluatzeko ordena online txostenak, gure Internet orrietan jarduera horrek erakusten biltzeko ere.

Matomo informazio teknologia datuen gaia sisteman cookie bat ezartzen du. cookies definizioa gainetik azaltzen da. cookiean ezarpena, gure web-erabileraren azterketa bat gaitzen da. webgune honen orrietan banakako bat dei-up bakoitzean, Internet informazio teknologia datuak gaiaren sisteman nabigatzailea da automatikoki bidez Matomo osagaia galdetuko datuak aurkeztu azterketa online helburua gure zerbitzarira da. prozedura tekniko honetan zehar, informazio pertsonala buruzko ezagutza lortuko dugu, hala nola, IP datu gaia, eta horrek balio bisitari eta klik jatorria ulertzeko helbidera jo. Matomo IP datuak bakarrik anonimoak erabiltzen du. Matomo datu-basean establezimendu berriak bisitari IP helbidea (IPv4 edo IPv6 formatua) kendu Erabiltzaile pribatutasuna babesteko azken osagaiak.

cookiean informazio pertsonala gordetzeko erabiltzen da, hala nola, sarbide ordua, kokapena zein sarbidea egin zen, eta gure web bisitak maiztasuna. gure Internet-orriak, datu pertsonalak hauek, IP datuen gaia erabilitako Interneterako sarbidea-helbidea barne bisita bakoitzean, dira gure zerbitzaria transferitu. datu pertsonalak horiek guk gordeko dira IP anonymisation batera. Ez dugu hirugarren batzuei datu pertsonalen hau birbidaltzeko.

datuen gaia daiteke, goian adierazi bezala, saihesteko cookieak ezarpena, edozein unetan, gure web orriaren bidez, dagokion web nabigatzailea erabili doikuntza baten bidez eta, beraz, behin betiko cookieak ezarpena ukatzen. erabili Internet nabigatzailea, hala nola doikuntza bat ere saihesteko litzateke Matomo informazio teknologia datuen gaia sisteman cookie bat ezartzen dute. Horrez gain, gailetak dagoeneko erabiltzen Matomo arabera noiznahi ezaba daitezke web nabigatzaile bat edo beste software programak bidez.

Horrez gain, datu gaia dela Matomo sortutako Internet gune honetan baita datu horien tratamenduari Matomo eta aukera, hala nola, edozein basatia erabilera bati buruzko datu-bilduma bat objecting aukera du. Horretarako, datu gaia opt-out-cookie bat ezarri behar da:


opt-out cookiean hori helburu horretarako ezarri da datuen gaia erabilitako informazio teknologia-sistemaren gainean jarri. cookie datuak gaiaren sisteman ezabatu egiten dira gero, ondoren, datuak gaia berriro deialditik beharko esteka eta opt-out cookie berria ezarri.

opt-out cookiean ezarpena bakoitzean, ordea, ez dago aukera kontroladorea webguneetan ez diren erabat datuak gaia erabilgarria da.

Informazio gehiago eta datuak babesteko Matomo ezarritakoaren aplikagarri azpian berreskuratu ahal izango dira https://matomo.org/privacy/.

15. Datu babesa aplikazioa eta erabilera Twitter-en inguruko xedapen
Web gune honetan, kontroladorea Twitter osagaiak integratu ditu. Twitter eleanitza, publikoki eskuragarria microblogging zerbitzu bat zein erabiltzaile argitaratuko ditu eta deiturikoak 'tweets,' Adibidez mezu laburrak dira, 140 karaktere mugatua zabaldu da. mezu laburrak hauek daude eskuragarri guztiontzat, nork ez direla gordeko Twitter-era barne. tweets, gainera bistaratzen dira deiturikoak dagokion erabiltzailearen jarraitzaileak. Jarraitzaileak Twitter beste erabiltzaile erabiltzaile baten tweets jarraitzen duten daude. Gainera, Twitter ahalbidetzen publiko zabal bat aurre egiteko you hashtags, estekak edo retweet bidez.

eragile Twitter konpainian Twitter, Inc., 1355 Market Street, Suite 900, San Francisco, CA 94103, Ameriketako Estatu Batuak da.

Internet gune honetan, hau da kontroladorea eta bertan Twitter osagaia (Twitter botoia) ebakuntza orriak banakako bat integratu zen dei-up bakoitzean, Internet informazio teknologia datuak gaiaren sisteman nabigatzaileak automatikoki galdetuko dagokion Twitter Twitter osagaia pantaila bat deskargatzeko. Twitter botoiak buruzko informazio gehiago babespean dagohttps://about.twitter.com/de/resources/buttons. prozedura tekniko honetan zehar, Twitter zer gure webgunean azpi-orri zen datuen gaia bisitatu ezagutza irabaziak. Twitter osagaia integrazioa helburua webgune honen edukia retransmission gure erabiltzaileek web orri hau aurkeztera mundu digitalean eta gure bisitarien kopurua handitzeko aukera emango da.

datuen gaia da oraindik ere bada Twitter aldi berean, Twitter guztietan dei-up gure web datuen gaiari heldu eta euren egonaldiaren iraupena osoan Interneteko gure gunea eta horrek gure Internet orriaren azpi-orri zen on batekin detektatzen datuen gaia bisitatu. Informazio hori Twitter osagaia bidez bildutako eta dagozkien Twitter datuen gaia kontu horrekin lotuta. datuen gaia Twitter botoiak gure webgunean integratu bat gainean klik egiten bada, orduan Twitter pertsonala Twitter erabiltzaileen datuak gaiaren kontura informazio hau ematean eta datu pertsonalak gordetzen.

Twitter Informazio jasotzen Twitter osagaia datuen gaia gure webgunean bisitatu ditu, emandako datuak gaia hori oraindik ere Twitterren gure webgunean dei-unean bidez. Hau gertatzen pertsonaren Twitter osagaia edo ez clicks kontuan hartu gabe. hala nola, Twitter den informazioaren transmisioa ez da desiragarria bada, datu gaia, eta gero berak Hori gerta daiteke off saioa amaitzeko bere Twitter kontutik egin da gure webgunean dei-up aurretik.

Datu babesa Twitter ezarritakoaren aplikagarri izango pean sar daiteke https://twitter.com/privacy?lang=en.

16. Datu babesa aplikazioa eta erabilera YouTube buruzko xedapen
Web gune honetan, kontroladorea YouTube osagaiak integratu ditu. YouTube Internet video portal ematen duen bideo argitaletxe bideoklipak eta beste erabiltzaile arduraduna, eta horrek ere doan ikusteko, berrikusi eta horiek komentatuz ematen du eta arean ezarri da. YouTube ahalbidetzen bideoak mota guztietako argitaratzeko aukera, beraz, bi erabiltzaileek egindako film osoa eta telebista emankizunak, baita musika-bideoak, atoiak, eta bideoak dezakezu sarbidea Internet atariaren bidez.

eragile YouTube enpresan YouTube, LLC, 901 Cherry Ave, San Bruno, CA 94066, Ameriketako Estatu Batuak da. YouTube, LLC Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Pkwy, Mountain View, CA 94043-1351, Amerikako Estatu filiala da.

Internet gune honetan, hau da kontroladorea eta bertan YouTube osagaia (YouTube bideoa) ebakuntza orriak banakako bat integratu zen dei-up bakoitzean, Internet informazio teknologia datuak gaiaren sisteman nabigatzaileak automatikoki galdetuko dagokion YouTube osagai pantaila bat deskargatzeko. YouTube buruzko informazio gehiago azpian lor daitezke https://www.youtube.com/intl/en/yt/about/. prozedura tekniko honetan zehar, YouTube eta Google zer gure webgunean azpi-orri zen datuen gaia bisitatu ezagutzea.

datuen gaia da oraindik bada YouTube, YouTube dei-up bakoitza azpi-orri batera YouTube bideo bat, eta horrek gure Internet gune azpi-orria, datu gaia bisitatu zuten dauka horrekin ezagutzen ditu. Informazio hori YouTube eta Google-ek jasotzen eta dagozkien YouTube datuak gaia kontuan esleitzen.

YouTube eta Google YouTube osagaia datuen gaia gure webgunean bisitatu ditu, datuak gure web deia unean gaia da oraindik bada ere YouTube bidez informazioa jasoko da; Hori gertatzen pertsonaren YouTube bideo bat edo ez sakatzen kontuan hartu gabe. esaterako, YouTube eta Google informazio hori transmititzea ez da daturik gaia desiragarria bada, entrega galarazi egin daiteke, datuak gaia erregistratzen off beren YouTube kontua batetik gure web dei-up bat egin aurretik.

YouTube-ren datuak babesteko xedapen, eskuragarri https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/, Biltzeko, prozesatzeko eta datu pertsonalen erabilerari YouTube eta Google-ek buruzko informazioa emateko.

17. Datu babesa aplikazioa eta erabilera Google Cloud Messaging buruzko xedapen (CGM)
Android batean Repetier-Informeraplikazioa, kontroladorea Google osagaiak integratu ditu. android The Repetier-Informer Aplikazio Google Cloud Messaging (GCM) erabiltzen informazioa emateko end mugikorren gailuak, eta horrek, ondoren, erabili ahal izango du parte Repetier-Informer aplikazioa.

eragile Google enpresan Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Pkwy, Mountain View, CA 94043-1351, Ameriketako Estatu Batuak da.

Noiz sortu ezartzeko Repetier-InformerAplikazio, lehendik dagokion taldeko IDarekin talde bat sartzen edo talde berri bat sortu da. Hemen jasoko Google gailua ID dugun zein push mezuak bidali ahal izango dugu.

mezua bakoitzarekin mezuaren testua transmititu dugu eta GCM esteka bat Google gailu ID zehatz batera bada zehazten, beraz, Repetier-Informer Aplikazio datu horiek jasotzen.

Google-en datuak babesteko xedapen, eskuragarri https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/, Biltzeko, prozesatzeko eta datu pertsonalen erabilerari Googlek buruzko informazioa emateko.

18. Datu babesa aplikazioa eta erabilera Apple Push Jakinarazpen Zerbitzuaren buruz ezarritakoaren (APN)
iOS batean Repetier-Informeraplikazioa, kontroladorea Apple osagaiak integratu ditu. iOS The Repetier-Informer Aplikazio Apple Push Jakinarazpen zerbitzua (APN) erabiltzen ditu informazioa emateko end mugikorren gailuak, eta horrek, ondoren, erabili ahal izango du parte Repetier-Informer aplikazioa.

eragile Apple konpainiak Apple, 1 Infinite Loop, Cupertino, CA 95014, Ameriketako Estatu Batuak da.

Noiz sortu ezartzeko Repetier-InformerAplikazio, lehendik dagokion taldeko IDarekin talde bat sartzen edo talde berri bat sortu da. Hemen gailu NAN zein push mezuak bidali ahal izango dugu jaso Apple dugu.

mezua bakoitzarekin mezuaren testua transmititu dugu eta APNs esteka bat Apple gailu ID zehatz batera bada zehazten, beraz, Repetier-Informer Aplikazio datu horiek jasotzen.

Apple datuak babesteko xedapen, eskuragarri https://www.apple.com/privacy/, Biltzeko, prozesatzeko eta datu pertsonalen erabilera Apple by buruzko informazioa emateko.

19. Gelditu push mezuak jasotzen Repetier-Informer
xedea bakarrak Repetier-Informer Aplikazio programen gustatzen Repetier-Server eta Repetier-Host, Bai garatutako Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG, Bidali status mezuak 3D inprimagailu Push mezu bidez zure smartphones eta / edo pilulak.

Ez baduzu nahi zure telefonoan edo tabletan push mezuak jasotzeko, esleitutako taldeak ezabatu dezakezu aplikazioa ezarpenetan, aplikazioa desinstalatu dezakezu edo push mezuak desaktibatzeko dezakezu Repetier-Host eta / edo Repetier-Server.

20. Ordainketa modua: Data babesa PayPal erabilera ordainketa prozesadore gisa ezarritakoaren
Web gune honetan, kontroladorea PayPal osagaiak integratu ditu. PayPal ordainketa online zerbitzu hornitzailea da. Ordainketak PayPal kontuak deiturikoak, kontu pribatu edo enpresa-birtual ordezkatzen duten bidez prozesatu. PayPal, halaber ordainketa birtual kreditu-txartelen bidez prozesatu da erabiltzaile batek ez badu PayPal kontu bat gai da. PayPal kontu bat helbide elektroniko bat, eta horregatik ez dago kontu klasiko zenbakiak bidez kudeatzen da. PayPal egiten online hirugarrenek ordainketak eragin al daiteke edo ordainketa jasotzeko. PayPal, gainera patronatuko funtzioak onartzen eta erosleak babes zerbitzuak eskaintzen ditu.

The PayPal funtzionamendu Europako enpresa PayPal (Europa) S.à.rl & Cie. SCA, 22-24 Boulevard Royal 2449 Luxenburgo, Luxenburgoko da.

datuen gaia aukeratzen bada "PayPal" ordainketa denda online ordenatzen prozesuan zehar ere aukera gisa, automatikoki transmititzen ditugu datuak PayPal menpe datuak. ordainketa aukera hau hautatuz, datu gaia ordainketa prozesatzeko beharrezkoak diren datu pertsonalen transferentzia ados.

PayPal transmititu datu pertsonalak izaten da izena, abizena, helbidea, helbide elektronikoa, IP helbidea, telefono zenbakia, telefono mugikorraren zenbakia, edo ordainketa prozesatzeko beharrezko beste datu. erosketa kontratua prozesatzeko, gainera, besteak beste, datu pertsonalak, eta horrek dagokion ordena lotuta daude eskatzen du.

datuen transmisioa da ordainketa prozesatzeko eta iruzurrari zuzenduta. Controller datu pertsonalak transferituko du PayPal, bereziki, transmisioan bidezko interesa eman bada. PayPal eta datuak prozesatzeko kontroladorea trukatzen datu pertsonalak PayPal bidez transmitituko da kreditu ekonomikoa agentziak. transmisio hori identitatea eta kaudimena egiaztatzen du zuzenduak.

PayPal izango da, beharrezkoa izanez gero, datu pertsonalak pasa filialak eta zerbitzu hornitzaileak edo azpikontratatutako den neurrian hori beharrezkoa da kontratu-betebeharrak betetzeko edo datuak ordenan prozesatu beharreko eskatzeko.

datuen gaia posibilitatea datu pertsonalen manipulazioa baimena atzera bota PayPal edozein unetan ditu. errebokazio A ez zaie bertan izapidetu beharko, erabilitako edo (kontratu-) ordainketa prozesatzeko jarraiki transmititu datu pertsonalak inolako eraginik izan.

Datu babesa PayPal ezarritakoaren pean berreskuratu ahal izango dira https://www.paypal.com/us/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-full.

21. Datu-transmisioa Repetier-Host
Repetier-Host bakarra web zerbitzarietan konektatzen Hot-World GmbH & Co. KGeguneratzeak egiaztatu edo publizitate edukiak deskargatzeko. datuen gaia pertsonalizatu ostalari hirugarren baten bertsio bat erabiltzen badu, ostalari daiteke web hirugarren baten zerbitzari batera konektatzeko eguneratzeak. programan bertan estandarra nabigatzailean ireki daiteke bere gainean klik eginez web orrialdea duten batzuk.

Repetier-Host komunikatzeko Repetier-Server instantzia, beharbada, beste ordenagailuetan exekutatu dute, esplizituki konektatutako ziren. Repetier-Host batetik bidali eta / edo jaso data / to Repetier-Server g-kodeak, ereduak, irudiak, inprimagailuaren datuak, informazioak gordeta modelo guztiei buruz bezala, ... 3D inprimagailuak kontrolatu eta gordetako datuak kudeatzeko.

Repetier-Host 3D egoera mezuak bidali ahal Repetier-Informer Aplikazio, konexioa esplizituki konfiguratuta zen gero.

22. Datu-transmisioa Repetier-Server
Repetier-Server bakarra web zerbitzarietan konektatzen Hot-World GmbH & Co. KGeguneratzeak egiaztatu eta sartutako lizentzia giltza bat balioztatzeko. datuen gaia pertsonalizatu bat erabiltzen badu Repetier-Serverhirugarren baten bertsio, zerbitzariak daiteke web hirugarren baten zerbitzari batera konektatzeko eguneratzeak. programan bertan estandarra nabigatzailean ireki daiteke bere gainean klik eginez web orrialdea duten batzuk.

Repetier-Server komunikatzeko Repetier-Host instantzia, beharbada, beste ordenagailuetan exekutatu dute, esplizituki konektatutako ziren. Repetier-Server batetik bidali eta / edo jaso data / to Repetier-Host g-kodeak, ereduak, irudiak, inprimagailuaren datuak, informazioak gordeta modelo guztiei buruz bezala, ... 3D inprimagailuak kontrolatu eta gordetako datuak kudeatzeko.

Repetier-Server 3D egoera mezuak bidali ahal Repetier-Informer Aplikazio, konexioa esplizituki konfiguratuta zen gero.

Repetier-ServerWeb zerbitzari bat bezala funtzionatzen, eta azkenaldian edozein web nabigatzailea sar daiteke. erabiltzailearen sareko konfigurazioa arabera, barneko izan daiteke bakarrik edo orokorrean. Horregatik gomendatzen dugu erabiltzaile-autentifikazioa gaitu Repetier-Server.

datuen gaia konektatu ahal Repetier-Server to the Repetier hodei zerbitzuak konektatutako sarbide osoa lortzeko Repetier-Server nonahi instantzia bidez baimendutako erabiltzaile https://my.repetier.com. funtzionalitate honek baimendu ahal izateko, Repetier hodei zerbitzuak datu osagarriak gordetzeko eta behar ere zerbitzaria estatu, irudiak eta prozesuaren datuak bidalitako cachean daiteke Repetier-Server.

23. Lege prozesatzeko oinarria
Art. 6 (1) lit. GDPR a eragiketa zein prozesatzeko helburu zehatz bat baimena lortu genuen prozesatzeko lege oinarria ere bada. datu pertsonalen tratamenduari kontratu horrek datuen gaia party da errendimendua beharrezko bada, kasua da, adibidez, prozesatzeko eragiketak ondasunak edo beste edozein zerbitzu eskaintzeko hornikuntza beharrezkoak dira, prozesatzeko da oinarritutako 6. artikulua (1) pizten on b GDPR. Gauza bera gertatzen da, esaterako, prozesatzeko eragiketak bertan aurrez kontratu-neurriak burutzeko, adibidez, gure produktuak edo zerbitzuak buruzko kontsultak kasuan beharrezkoak dira aplikatzen. Gure enpresaren legezko betebeharra horren bidez, datu pertsonalen tratamenduari eman behar da, zerga-betebeharrak betetzeko, hala nola, prozesatzeko Art oinarritzen da gaia. 6 (1) lit. c GDPR. Kasu bakanetan, Datu pertsonalak prozesatzeko ezinbesteko datuak gaiaren edo beste pertsona natural interesak babesteko beharrezkoa izan daiteke. Hau kasua izango litzateke, adibidez, bisitari gure enpresa eta bere izena, adina, osasun asegurua datu edo bestelako ezinbesteko informazioa zauritu ziren medikuarengana, ospitale edo beste hirugarren gainditu beharko litzateke. Ondoren tratamenduari Art oinarrituko litzateke. 6 (1) lit. d GDPR. Azkenik, prozesatzeko eragiketak 6. artikulua (1) pizten oinarritzen zitekeen f GDPR. Legezko oinarria Hau ez diren aipatutako lege arrazoiengatik edozein estalita eragiketak prozesatzeko erabiltzen, tratamenduari interes legitimoak helburuetarako lortu nahi gure enpresak edo hirugarren batek beharrezko baldin bada, non interesak hala nola diren interesak edo oinarrizko eskubide eta askatasunen datuak gaiaren datu pertsonalen babesari eskatzen duten gainidatzi ezik. Horrelako prozesatzeko eragiketak bereziki zilegi dira dute, zehazki, Europako legegileak aipatu delako. bidezko interesa duten bere gain hartu ahal izango dira, datu gaia kontroladorea bezero (Kantaldia 47 Esaldien 2 GDPR) bada jotzen zuen.

24. zilegizko interesak lortu nahi kontroladorea bidez edo hirugarren batek
Non datu pertsonalen tratamenduari 6. artikulua (1) pizten oinarrituta dago f GDPR gure interes legitimoa da gure enpresa aurrera eramateko, gure langile eta akziodunen guztien ongizatearen alde.

25. Garaia zein datu pertsonalak gordeko dira
datu pertsonalak gordetzeko epea zehazteko irizpideak dagokion estatutu atxikipen aldia da. tarte horretan bukatu ondoren, dagozkion datuak moduan ezabatzen da, betiere, jada ez da gisa kontratua betetzeko edo kontratu hastapen egiteko beharrezkoa.

26. datu pertsonalak estatutu edo kontratu baldintza gisa Xedapen; nahitaezko baldintza den kontratu bat sartu; datuen gaia datu pertsonalak emateko betebeharra; porrotaren ondorioak ahalik eta datu horiek emateko
argitzeko ditugu datu pertsonalak ematean, neurri batean, legeak behartzen (adibidez zerga araudia) edo halaber kontratu ezarritakoaren ondorioz (adibidez, kontratu bazkide buruzko informazioa). Batzuetan beharrezkoa duten datuak gaia eskaintzen digu datu pertsonalak, bertan egon behar gerora prozesatu guk kontratua bukatzeko izan daiteke. datuen gaia da, adibidez, behartuta emandako datu pertsonalak dituzten gure enpresak harekin izandako kontratua sinatu denean. The datu pertsonalen ez-ematearen ondorioa datu gaia kontratua ezin izan ondorioztatu beharko litzateke. Aurretik datu pertsonalak, datu gaia eskainitako, datu gaia gure Datuak Babesteko Officer harremanetan jarri behar.

27. automatizatu erabakiak hartzea izatea
arduratsua den enpresa bat bezala, ez dugu automatikoak erabakiak hartzeko edo profilaketa erabili.

Privacy Policy hau izan da sortutako Privacy Policy honen sortzailea eskutik External Data Protection Officer (https://dg-datenschutz.de/services/external-data-protection-officer/?lang=en) batetik DGD Deutsche Gesellschaft für Datenschutz GmbH, Que ha lankidetzan garatu da batez WILDE BEUGER SOLMECKE | Lawyers (https://www.wbs-law.de/) eta used hardware dealer RC GmbH (http://remarketing.company/). Sortutako pribatutasun politika aldatu egin da, eta luzatu Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG.