Het volgende Engelse privacybeleid is van toepassing. We hebben ook een ongecontroleerde vertaling van Google Translate toegevoegd om de oriëntatie te vergemakkelijken.

We are very delighted that you have shown interest in our enterprise. Data protection is of a particularly high priority for the management of the Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG. The use of the Repetier software (Repetier-Host, Repetier-Server, Repetier-Informer) and Repetier websites (https://www.repetier.com, http://www.repetier-server.com, https://my.repetier.com, https://forum.repetier.com, http://www.repetier-apps.com, ...) managed by Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG are possible without any indication of personal data; however, if a data subject wants to use special enterprise services via our software, app or website, processing of personal data could become necessary. If the processing of personal data is necessary and there is no statutory basis for such processing, we generally obtain consent from the data subject.

The processing of personal data, such as the name, address, e-mail address, device ID or telephone number of a data subject shall always be in line with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), and in accordance with the country-specific data protection regulations applicable to the Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG. By means of this data protection declaration, our enterprise would like to inform the general public of the nature, scope, and purpose of the personal data we collect, use and process. Furthermore, data subjects are informed, by means of this data protection declaration, of the rights to which they are entitled.

As the controller, the Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG has implemented numerous technical and organizational measures to ensure the most complete protection of personal data processed through the Repetier software, apps and websites, which are stored on dedicated web servers operated by Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG. However, Internet-based data transmissions may in principle have security gaps, so absolute protection may not be guaranteed.

1. Definitions
The data protection declaration of the Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG is based on the terms used by the European legislator for the adoption of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). Our data protection declaration should be legible and understandable for the general public, as well as our customers and business partners. To ensure this, we would like to first explain the terminology used.

In this data protection declaration, we use, inter alia, the following terms:

a) Personal data
Personal data means any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person (“data subject”). An identifiable natural person is one who can be identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier or to one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity of that natural person.

b) Data subject
Data subject is any identified or identifiable natural person, whose personal data is processed by the controller responsible for the processing.

c) Processing
Processing is any operation or set of operations which is performed on personal data or on sets of personal data, whether or not by automated means, such as collection, recording, organisation, structuring, storage, adaptation or alteration, retrieval, consultation, use, disclosure by transmission, dissemination or otherwise making available, alignment or combination, restriction, erasure or destruction.

d) Restriction of processing
Restriction of processing is the marking of stored personal data with the aim of limiting their processing in the future.

e) Profiling
Profiling means any form of automated processing of personal data consisting of the use of personal data to evaluate certain personal aspects relating to a natural person, in particular to analyse or predict aspects concerning that natural person's performance at work, economic situation, health, personal preferences, interests, reliability, behaviour, location or movements.

f) Pseudonymisation
Pseudonymisation is the processing of personal data in such a manner that the personal data can no longer be attributed to a specific data subject without the use of additional information, provided that such additional information is kept separately and is subject to technical and organisational measures to ensure that the personal data are not attributed to an identified or identifiable natural person.

g) Controller or controller responsible for the processing
Controller or controller responsible for the processing is the natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which, alone or jointly with others, determines the purposes and means of the processing of personal data; where the purposes and means of such processing are determined by Union or Member State law, the controller or the specific criteria for its nomination may be provided for by Union or Member State law.

h) Processor
Processor is a natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which processes personal data on behalf of the controller.

i) Recipient
Recipient is a natural or legal person, public authority, agency or another body, to which the personal data are disclosed, whether a third party or not. However, public authorities which may receive personal data in the framework of a particular inquiry in accordance with Union or Member State law shall not be regarded as recipients; the processing of those data by those public authorities shall be in compliance with the applicable data protection rules according to the purposes of the processing.

j) Third party
Third party is a natural or legal person, public authority, agency or body other than the data subject, controller, processor and persons who, under the direct authority of the controller or processor, are authorised to process personal data.

k) Consent
Consent of the data subject is any freely given, specific, informed and unambiguous indication of the data subject's wishes by which he or she, by a statement or by a clear affirmative action, signifies agreement to the processing of personal data relating to him or her.

2. Name and Address of the controller
Controller for the purposes of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), other data protection laws applicable in Member states of the European Union and other provisions related to data protection is:

Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG

Knickelsdorf 42

47877 Willich

Germany

Phone: +49 (0)2154 – 60 65 18

Email: info@repetier.com

Websites: https://www.repetier.com, http://www.repetier-server.com, https://my.repetier.com, https://forum.repetier.com, http://www.repetier-apps.com, ...

3. Name and Address of the Data Protection Officer
The Data Protection Officer of the controller is:

Marcus Littwin
Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG

Knickelsdorf 42

47877 Willich

Germany

Phone: +49 (0)2154 – 60 65 18

Email: info@repetier.com

Websites: https://www.repetier.com, http://www.repetier-server.com, https://my.repetier.com, https://forum.repetier.com, http://www.repetier-apps.com, ...

Any data subject may, at any time, contact our Data Protection Officer directly with all questions and suggestions concerning data protection.

4. Cookies
The Internet pages of the Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG use cookies. Cookies are text files that are stored in a computer system via an Internet browser.

Many Internet sites and servers use cookies. Many cookies contain a so-called cookie ID. A cookie ID is a unique identifier of the cookie. It consists of a character string through which internet pages and servers can be assigned to the specific Internet browser in which the cookie was stored. This allows visited Internet sites and servers to differentiate the individual browser of the dats subject from other Internet browsers that contain other cookies. A specific internet browser can be recognized and identified using the unique cookie ID.

Through the use of cookies, the Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG can provide the users of this website with more user-friendly services that would not be possible without the cookie setting.

By means of a cookie, the information and offers on our website can be optimized with the user in mind. Cookies allow us, as previously mentioned, to recognize our website users. The purpose of this recognition is to make it easier for users to utilize our website. The website user that uses cookies, e.g. does not have to enter access data each time the website is accessed, because this is taken over by the website, and the cookie is thus stored on the user's computer system. Another example is the cookie of a shopping cart in an online shop. The online store remembers the articles that a customer has placed in the virtual shopping cart via a cookie.

The data subject may, at any time, prevent the setting of cookies through our website by means of a corresponding setting of the internet browser used, and may thus permanently deny the setting of cookies. Furthermore, already set cookies may be deleted at any time via an internet browser or other software programs. This is possible in all popular Internet browsers. If the data subject deactivates the setting of cookies in the Internet browser used, not all functions of our website may be entirely usable.

5. Collection of general data and information
The websites and the Repetier API (Application Programming Interface) of the Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG collects a series of general data and information when a data subject or automated system calls up the website or API. This general data and information are stored in the server log files. Collected may be (1) the browser types and versions used, (2) the operating system used by the accessing system, (3) the website from which an accessing system reaches our website (so-called referrers), (4) the sub-websites, (5) the date and time of access to the Internet site, (6) an Internet protocol address (IP address), (7) the Internet service provider of the accessing system, and (8) any other similar data and information that may be used in the event of attacks on our information technology systems.

When using these general data and information, the Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG does not draw any conclusions about the data subject. Rather, this information is needed to (1) deliver the content of our website correctly, (2) optimize the content of our website as well as its advertisement, (3) ensure the long-term viability of our information technology systems and website technology, and (4) provide law enforcement authorities with the information necessary for criminal prosecution in case of a cyber-attack. Therefore, the Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG analyzes anonymously collected data and information statistically, with the aim of increasing the data protection and data security of our enterprise, and to ensure an optimal level of protection for the personal data we process. The anonymous data of the server log files are stored separately from all personal data provided by a data subject.

6. Registration on our website
The data subject has the possibility to register on the websites of the controller with the indication of personal data. Which personal data are transmitted to the controller is determined by the respective input mask used for the registration. The personal data entered by the data subject are collected and stored exclusively for internal use by the controller, and for his own purposes. The controller may request transfer to one or more processors (e.g. a Apple or Google push message service) that also uses personal data for an internal purpose which is attributable to the controller. The controller will send an automatic confirmation e-mail to check the double opt-in procedure as to whether the owner of the specified e-mail address decided in favor of this option.

By registering on the website of the controller, the IP address—assigned by the Internet service provider (ISP) and used by the data subject—date, and time of the registration are also stored. The storage of this data takes place against the background that this is the only way to prevent the misuse of our services, and, if necessary, to make it possible to investigate committed offenses. Insofar, the storage of this data is necessary to secure the controller. This data is not passed on to third parties unless there is a statutory obligation to pass on the data, or if the transfer serves the aim of criminal prosecution.

The registration of the data subject, with the voluntary indication of personal data, is intended to enable the controller to offer the data subject contents or services that may only be offered to registered users due to the nature of the matter in question. Registered persons are free to change the personal data specified during the registration at any time, or to have them completely deleted from the data stock of the controller.

The data controller shall, at any time, provide information upon request to each data subject as to what personal data are stored about the data subject. In addition, the data controller shall correct or erase personal data at the request or indication of the data subject, insofar as there are no statutory storage obligations. A Data Protection Officer particularly designated in this data protection declaration, as well as the entirety of the controller’s employees are available to the data subject in this respect as contact persons.

7. Contact possibility via the website
The website of the Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG contains information that enables a quick electronic contact to our enterprise, as well as direct communication with us, which also includes a general address of the so-called electronic mail (e-mail address). If a data subject contacts the controller by e-mail or via a contact form, the personal data transmitted by the data subject are automatically stored. Such personal data transmitted on a voluntary basis by a data subject to the data controller are stored for the purpose of processing or contacting the data subject. There is no transfer of this personal data to third parties.

8. Comments function in the forum on the website
The Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG offers users the possibility to leave individual comments on individual forum contributions on a forum, which is on the website of the controller. A forum is a web-based, publicly-accessible portal, through which one or more people may post articles or write down thoughts in so-called forum posts. Forum posts may usually be commented by third parties.

If a data subject leaves a comment on the forum published on this website, the comments made by the data subject are also stored and published, as well as information on the date of the commentary and on the user's (pseudonym) chosen by the data subject. In addition, the IP address assigned by the Internet service provider (ISP) to the data subject is also logged. This storage of the IP address takes place for security reasons, and in case the data subject violates the rights of third parties, or posts illegal content through a given comment. The storage of these personal data is, therefore, in the own interest of the data controller, so that he can exculpate in the event of an infringement. This collected personal data will not be passed to third parties, unless such a transfer is required by law or serves the aim of the defense of the data controller.

9. Subscription to comments in the forum on the website
The comments made in the forum of the Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG may be subscribed to by third parties. In particular, there is the possibility that a commenter subscribes to the comments following his comments on a particular forum post.

The option to subscribe to comments may be terminated at any time.

10. Routine erasure and blocking of personal data
The data controller shall process and store the personal data of the data subject only for the period necessary to achieve the purpose of storage, or as far as this is granted by the European legislator or other legislators in laws or regulations to which the controller is subject to.

If the storage purpose is not applicable, or if a storage period prescribed by the European legislator or another competent legislator expires, the personal data are routinely blocked or erased in accordance with legal requirements.

11. Rights of the data subject
a) Right of confirmation
Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator to obtain from the controller the confirmation as to whether or not personal data concerning him or her are being processed. If a data subject wishes to avail himself of this right of confirmation, he or she may, at any time, contact our Data Protection Officer or another employee of the controller.

b) Right of access
Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator to obtain from the controller free information about his or her personal data stored at any time and a copy of this information. Furthermore, the European directives and regulations grant the data subject access to the following information:

the purposes of the processing;
the categories of personal data concerned;
the recipients or categories of recipients to whom the personal data have been or will be disclosed, in particular recipients in third countries or international organisations;
where possible, the envisaged period for which the personal data will be stored, or, if not possible, the criteria used to determine that period;
the existence of the right to request from the controller rectification or erasure of personal data, or restriction of processing of personal data concerning the data subject, or to object to such processing;
the existence of the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority;
where the personal data are not collected from the data subject, any available information as to their source;
the existence of automated decision-making, including profiling, referred to in Article 22(1) and (4) of the GDPR and, at least in those cases, meaningful information about the logic involved, as well as the significance and envisaged consequences of such processing for the data subject.
Furthermore, the data subject shall have a right to obtain information as to whether personal data are transferred to a third country or to an international organisation. Where this is the case, the data subject shall have the right to be informed of the appropriate safeguards relating to the transfer.

If a data subject wishes to avail himself of this right of access, he or she may at any time contact our Data Protection Officer or another employee of the controller.

c) Right to rectification
Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator to obtain from the controller without undue delay the rectification of inaccurate personal data concerning him or her. Taking into account the purposes of the processing, the data subject shall have the right to have incomplete personal data completed, including by means of providing a supplementary statement.

If a data subject wishes to exercise this right to rectification, he or she may, at any time, contact our Data Protection Officer or another employee of the controller.

d) Right to erasure (Right to be forgotten)
Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator to obtain from the controller the erasure of personal data concerning him or her without undue delay, and the controller shall have the obligation to erase personal data without undue delay where one of the following grounds applies, as long as the processing is not necessary:

The personal data are no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which they were collected or otherwise processed.
The data subject withdraws consent to which the processing is based according to point (a) of Article 6(1) of the GDPR, or point (a) of Article 9(2) of the GDPR, and where there is no other legal ground for the processing.
The data subject objects to the processing pursuant to Article 21(1) of the GDPR and there are no overriding legitimate grounds for the processing, or the data subject objects to the processing pursuant to Article 21(2) of the GDPR.
The personal data have been unlawfully processed.
The personal data must be erased for compliance with a legal obligation in Union or Member State law to which the controller is subject.
The personal data have been collected in relation to the offer of information society services referred to in Article 8(1) of the GDPR.
If one of the aforementioned reasons applies, and a data subject wishes to request the erasure of personal data stored by the Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG, he or she may at any time contact our Data Protection Officer or another employee of the controller. The Data Protection Officer of the Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG or another employee shall promptly ensure that the erasure request is complied with immediately.

Where the controller has made personal data public and is obliged pursuant to Article 17(1) to erase the personal data, the controller, taking account of available technology and the cost of implementation, shall take reasonable steps, including technical measures, to inform other controllers processing the personal data that the data subject has requested erasure by such controllers of any links to, or copy or replication of, those personal data, as far as processing is not required. The Data Protection Officer of the Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG or another employee will arrange the necessary measures in individual cases.

e) Right of restriction of processing
Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator to obtain from the controller restriction of processing where one of the following applies:

The accuracy of the personal data is contested by the data subject, for a period enabling the controller to verify the accuracy of the personal data.
The processing is unlawful and the data subject opposes the erasure of the personal data and requests instead the restriction of their use instead.
The controller no longer needs the personal data for the purposes of the processing, but they are required by the data subject for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.
The data subject has objected to processing pursuant to Article 21(1) of the GDPR pending the verification whether the legitimate grounds of the controller override those of the data subject.
If one of the aforementioned conditions is met, and a data subject wishes to request the restriction of the processing of personal data stored by the Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG, he or she may at any time contact our Data Protection Officer or another employee of the controller. The Data Protection Officer of the Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG or another employee will arrange the restriction of the processing.

f) Right to data portability
Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator, to receive the personal data concerning him or her, which was provided to a controller, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format. He or she shall have the right to transmit those data to another controller without hindrance from the controller to which the personal data have been provided, as long as the processing is based on consent pursuant to point (a) of Article 6(1) of the GDPR or point (a) of Article 9(2) of the GDPR, or on a contract pursuant to point (b) of Article 6(1) of the GDPR, and the processing is carried out by automated means, as long as the processing is not necessary for the performance of a task carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in the controller.

Furthermore, in exercising his or her right to data portability pursuant to Article 20(1) of the GDPR, the data subject shall have the right to have personal data transmitted directly from one controller to another, where technically feasible and when doing so does not adversely affect the rights and freedoms of others.

In order to assert the right to data portability, the data subject may at any time contact the Data Protection Officer designated by the Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG or another employee.

g) Right to object
Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator to object, on grounds relating to his or her particular situation, at any time, to processing of personal data concerning him or her, which is based on point (e) or (f) of Article 6(1) of the GDPR. This also applies to profiling based on these provisions.

The Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG shall no longer process the personal data in the event of the objection, unless we can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for the processing which override the interests, rights and freedoms of the data subject, or for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.

If the Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG processes personal data for direct marketing purposes, the data subject shall have the right to object at any time to processing of personal data concerning him or her for such marketing. This applies to profiling to the extent that it is related to such direct marketing. If the data subject objects to the Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG to the processing for direct marketing purposes, the Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG will no longer process the personal data for these purposes.

In addition, the data subject has the right, on grounds relating to his or her particular situation, to object to processing of personal data concerning him or her by the Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG for scientific or historical research purposes, or for statistical purposes pursuant to Article 89(1) of the GDPR, unless the processing is necessary for the performance of a task carried out for reasons of public interest.

In order to exercise the right to object, the data subject may directly contact the Data Protection Officer of the Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG or another employee. In addition, the data subject is free in the context of the use of information society services, and notwithstanding Directive 2002/58/EC, to use his or her right to object by automated means using technical specifications.

h) Automated individual decision-making, including profiling
Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator not to be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing, including profiling, which produces legal effects concerning him or her, or similarly significantly affects him or her, as long as the decision (1) is not is necessary for entering into, or the performance of, a contract between the data subject and a data controller, or (2) is not authorised by Union or Member State law to which the controller is subject and which also lays down suitable measures to safeguard the data subject's rights and freedoms and legitimate interests, or (3) is not based on the data subject's explicit consent.

If the decision (1) is necessary for entering into, or the performance of, a contract between the data subject and a data controller, or (2) it is based on the data subject's explicit consent, the Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG shall implement suitable measures to safeguard the data subject's rights and freedoms and legitimate interests, at least the right to obtain human intervention on the part of the controller, to express his or her point of view and contest the decision.

If the data subject wishes to exercise the rights concerning automated individual decision-making, he or she may at any time directly contact our Data Protection Officer of the Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG or another employee of the controller.

i) Right to withdraw data protection consent
Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator to withdraw his or her consent to processing of his or her personal data at any time.

f the data subject wishes to exercise the right to withdraw the consent, he or she may at any time directly contact our Data Protection Officer of the Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG or another employee of the controller.

12. Data protection for applications and the application procedures
The data controller shall collect and process the personal data of applicants for the purpose of the processing of the application procedure. The processing may also be carried out electronically. This is the case, in particular, if an applicant submits corresponding application documents by e-mail or by means of a web form on the website to the controller. If the data controller concludes an employment contract with an applicant, the submitted data will be stored for the purpose of processing the employment relationship in compliance with legal requirements. If no employment contract is concluded with the applicant by the controller, the application documents shall be automatically erased two months after notification of the refusal decision, provided that no other legitimate interests of the controller are opposed to the erasure. Other legitimate interest in this relation is, e.g. a burden of proof in a procedure under the General Equal Treatment Act (AGG).

13. Data protection provisions about the application and use of Facebook
On this website, the controller has integrated components of the enterprise Facebook. Facebook is a social network.

A social network is a place for social meetings on the Internet, an online community, which usually allows users to communicate with each other and interact in a virtual space. A social network may serve as a platform for the exchange of opinions and experiences, or enable the Internet community to provide personal or business-related information. Facebook allows social network users to include the creation of private profiles, upload photos, and network through friend requests.

The operating company of Facebook is Facebook, Inc., 1 Hacker Way, Menlo Park, CA 94025, United States. If a person lives outside of the United States or Canada, the controller is the Facebook Ireland Ltd., 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour, Dublin 2, Ireland.

With each call-up to one of the individual pages of this Internet website, which is operated by the controller and into which a Facebook component (Facebook plug-ins) was integrated, the web browser on the information technology system of the data subject is automatically prompted to download display of the corresponding Facebook component from Facebook through the Facebook component. An overview of all the Facebook Plug-ins may be accessed under https://developers.facebook.com/docs/plugins/. During the course of this technical procedure, Facebook is made aware of what specific sub-site of our website was visited by the data subject.

If the data subject is logged in at the same time on Facebook, Facebook detects with every call-up to our website by the data subject—and for the entire duration of their stay on our Internet site—which specific sub-site of our Internet page was visited by the data subject. This information is collected through the Facebook component and associated with the respective Facebook account of the data subject. If the data subject clicks on one of the Facebook buttons integrated into our website, e.g. the "Like" button, or if the data subject submits a comment, then Facebook matches this information with the personal Facebook user account of the data subject and stores the personal data.

Facebook always receives, through the Facebook component, information about a visit to our website by the data subject, whenever the data subject is logged in at the same time on Facebook during the time of the call-up to our website. This occurs regardless of whether the data subject clicks on the Facebook component or not. If such a transmission of information to Facebook is not desirable for the data subject, then he or she may prevent this by logging off from their Facebook account before a call-up to our website is made.

The data protection guideline published by Facebook, which is available at https://facebook.com/about/privacy/, provides information about the collection, processing and use of personal data by Facebook. In addition, it is explained there what setting options Facebook offers to protect the privacy of the data subject. In addition, different configuration options are made available to allow the elimination of data transmission to Facebook. These applications may be used by the data subject to eliminate a data transmission to Facebook.

14. Data protection provisions about the application and use of Matomo
On this website, the controller has integrated the Matomo component. Matomo is an open-source software tool for web analysis. Web analysis is the collection, gathering and evaluation of data on the behavior of visitors from Internet sites. A web analysis tool collects, inter alia, data on the website from which a data subject came to a website (so-called referrer), which pages of the website were accessed or how often and for which period of time a sub-page was viewed. A web analysis is mainly used for the optimization of a website and the cost-benefit analysis of Internet advertising.

The software is operated on the server of the controller, the data protection-sensitive log files are stored exclusively on this server.

The purpose of the Matomo component is the analysis of the visitor flows on our website. The controller uses the obtained data and information, inter alia, to evaluate the use of this website in order to compile online reports, which show the activities on our Internet pages.

Matomo sets a cookie on the information technology system of the data subject. The definition of cookies is explained above. With the setting of the cookie, an analysis of the use of our website is enabled. With each call-up to one of the individual pages of this website, the Internet browser on the information technology system of the data subject is automatically through the Matomo component prompted to submit data for the purpose of online analysis to our server. During the course of this technical procedure, we obtain knowledge about personal information, such as the IP address of the data subject, which serves to understand the origin of visitors and clicks. Matomo uses only anonymous IP data. Matomo stores in the database each new visitor IP address (ipv4 or ipv6 format) with the last components removed to protect user’s privacy.

The cookie is used to store personal information, such as the access time, the location from which access was made, and the frequency of visits to our website. With each visit of our Internet pages, these personal data, including the IP address of the Internet access used by the data subject, are transferred to our server. These personal data will be stored by us with IP anonymisation. We do not forward this personal data to third parties.

The data subject may, as stated above, prevent the setting of cookies through our website at any time by means of a corresponding adjustment of the web browser used and thus permanently deny the setting of cookies. Such an adjustment to the used Internet browser would also prevent Matomo from setting a cookie on the information technology system of the data subject. In addition, cookies already in use by Matomo may be deleted at any time via a web browser or other software programs.

In addition, the data subject has the possibility of objecting to a collection of data relating to a use of this Internet site that are generated by Matomo as well as the processing of these data by Matomo and the chance to preclude any such. For this, the data subject must set an opt-out cookie:

The opt-out cookie that is set for this purpose is placed on the information technology system used by the data subject. If the cookies are deleted on the system of the data subject, then the data subject must call-up the link again and set a new opt-out cookie.

With each setting of the opt-out cookie, however, there is the possibility that the websites of the controller are no longer fully usable for the data subject.

Further information and the applicable data protection provisions of Matomo may be retrieved under https://matomo.org/privacy/.

15. Data protection provisions about the application and use of Twitter
On this website, the controller has integrated components of Twitter. Twitter is a multilingual, publicly-accessible microblogging service on which users may publish and spread so-called ‘tweets,’ e.g. short messages, which are limited to 140 characters. These short messages are available for everyone, including those who are not logged on to Twitter. The tweets are also displayed to so-called followers of the respective user. Followers are other Twitter users who follow a user's tweets. Furthermore, Twitter allows you to address a wide audience via hashtags, links or retweets.

The operating company of Twitter is Twitter, Inc., 1355 Market Street, Suite 900, San Francisco, CA 94103, UNITED STATES.

With each call-up to one of the individual pages of this Internet site, which is operated by the controller and on which a Twitter component (Twitter button) was integrated, the Internet browser on the information technology system of the data subject is automatically prompted to download a display of the corresponding Twitter component of Twitter. Further information about the Twitter buttons is available under https://about.twitter.com/de/resources/buttons. During the course of this technical procedure, Twitter gains knowledge of what specific sub-page of our website was visited by the data subject. The purpose of the integration of the Twitter component is a retransmission of the contents of this website to allow our users to introduce this web page to the digital world and increase our visitor numbers.

If the data subject is logged in at the same time on Twitter, Twitter detects with every call-up to our website by the data subject and for the entire duration of their stay on our Internet site which specific sub-page of our Internet page was visited by the data subject. This information is collected through the Twitter component and associated with the respective Twitter account of the data subject. If the data subject clicks on one of the Twitter buttons integrated on our website, then Twitter assigns this information to the personal Twitter user account of the data subject and stores the personal data.

Twitter receives information via the Twitter component that the data subject has visited our website, provided that the data subject is logged in on Twitter at the time of the call-up to our website. This occurs regardless of whether the person clicks on the Twitter component or not. If such a transmission of information to Twitter is not desirable for the data subject, then he or she may prevent this by logging off from their Twitter account before a call-up to our website is made.

The applicable data protection provisions of Twitter may be accessed under https://twitter.com/privacy?lang=en.

16. Data protection provisions about the application and use of YouTube
On this website, the controller has integrated components of YouTube. YouTube is an Internet video portal that enables video publishers to set video clips and other users free of charge, which also provides free viewing, review and commenting on them. YouTube allows you to publish all kinds of videos, so you can access both full movies and TV broadcasts, as well as music videos, trailers, and videos made by users via the Internet portal.

The operating company of YouTube is YouTube, LLC, 901 Cherry Ave., San Bruno, CA 94066, UNITED STATES. The YouTube, LLC is a subsidiary of Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Pkwy, Mountain View, CA 94043-1351, UNITED STATES.

With each call-up to one of the individual pages of this Internet site, which is operated by the controller and on which a YouTube component (YouTube video) was integrated, the Internet browser on the information technology system of the data subject is automatically prompted to download a display of the corresponding YouTube component. Further information about YouTube may be obtained under https://www.youtube.com/intl/en/yt/about/. During the course of this technical procedure, YouTube and Google gain knowledge of what specific sub-page of our website was visited by the data subject.

If the data subject is logged in on YouTube, YouTube recognizes with each call-up to a sub-page that contains a YouTube video, which specific sub-page of our Internet site was visited by the data subject. This information is collected by YouTube and Google and assigned to the respective YouTube account of the data subject.

YouTube and Google will receive information through the YouTube component that the data subject has visited our website, if the data subject at the time of the call to our website is logged in on YouTube; this occurs regardless of whether the person clicks on a YouTube video or not. If such a transmission of this information to YouTube and Google is not desirable for the data subject, the delivery may be prevented if the data subject logs off from their own YouTube account before a call-up to our website is made.

YouTube's data protection provisions, available at https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/, provide information about the collection, processing and use of personal data by YouTube and Google.

17. Data protection provisions about the application and use of Google Cloud Messaging (CGM)
In the android Repetier-Informer app, the controller has integrated components of Google. The android Repetier-Informer app uses Google Cloud Messaging (GCM) to provide information to mobile end devices, which can then use it in the Repetier-Informer app.

The operating company of Google is Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Pkwy, Mountain View, CA 94043-1351, UNITED STATES.

When setting up the Repetier-Informer app, an existing group with corresponding group ID is entered or a new group is created. Here we receive from Google the device ID to which we can send push messages.

With each message we transmit the message text and if specified a link via GCM to a specific Google device ID, so that the Repetier-Informer app receives this data.

Google's data protection provisions, available at https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/, provide information about the collection, processing and use of personal data by Google.

18. Data protection provisions about the application and use of Apple Push Notification service (APNs)
In the iOS Repetier-Informer app, the controller has integrated components of Apple. The iOS Repetier-Informer app uses Apple Push Notification service (APNs) to provide information to mobile end devices, which can then use it in the Repetier-Informer app.

The operating company of Apple is Apple, 1 Infinite Loop, Cupertino, CA 95014, UNITED STATES.

When setting up the Repetier-Informer app, an existing group with corresponding group ID is entered or a new group is created. Here we receive from Apple the device ID to which we can send push messages.

With each message we transmit the message text and if specified a link via APNs to a specific Apple device ID, so that the Repetier-Informer app receives this data.

Apple’s data protection provisions, available at https://www.apple.com/privacy/, provide information about the collection, processing and use of personal data by Apple.

19. Stop receiving push messages from Repetier-Informer
The only aim of the Repetier-Informer app is that the programs like Repetier-Server and Repetier-Host, both developed by Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG, send status messages of your 3d printer via push message to your smartphones and / or tablets.

If you do not want to receive push messages on your smartphone or tablet, you can delete the assigned groups in the app settings, you can uninstall the app or you can deactivate push messages in Repetier-Host and / or Repetier-Server.

20. Payment Method: Data protection provisions about the use of PayPal as a payment processor
On this website, the controller has integrated components of PayPal. PayPal is an online payment service provider. Payments are processed via so-called PayPal accounts, which represent virtual private or business accounts. PayPal is also able to process virtual payments through credit cards when a user does not have a PayPal account. A PayPal account is managed via an e-mail address, which is why there are no classic account numbers. PayPal makes it possible to trigger online payments to third parties or to receive payments. PayPal also accepts trustee functions and offers buyer protection services.

The European operating company of PayPal is PayPal (Europe) S.à.r.l. & Cie. S.C.A., 22-24 Boulevard Royal, 2449 Luxembourg, Luxembourg.

If the data subject chooses "PayPal" as the payment option in the online shop during the ordering process, we automatically transmit the data of the data subject to PayPal. By selecting this payment option, the data subject agrees to the transfer of personal data required for payment processing.

The personal data transmitted to PayPal is usually first name, last name, address, email address, IP address, telephone number, mobile phone number, or other data necessary for payment processing. The processing of the purchase contract also requires such personal data, which are in connection with the respective order.

The transmission of the data is aimed at payment processing and fraud prevention. The controller will transfer personal data to PayPal, in particular, if a legitimate interest in the transmission is given. The personal data exchanged between PayPal and the controller for the processing of the data will be transmitted by PayPal to economic credit agencies. This transmission is intended for identity and creditworthiness checks.

PayPal will, if necessary, pass on personal data to affiliates and service providers or subcontractors to the extent that this is necessary to fulfill contractual obligations or for data to be processed in the order.

The data subject has the possibility to revoke consent for the handling of personal data at any time from PayPal. A revocation shall not have any effect on personal data which must be processed, used or transmitted in accordance with (contractual) payment processing.

The applicable data protection provisions of PayPal may be retrieved under https://www.paypal.com/us/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-full.

21. Data transmission of Repetier-Host
Repetier-Host only connects to the web servers of Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG to check for updates or to download advertising contents. If the data subject uses a customized host version of a third party, the host may connect to a web server of a third party to check for updates. In the program are some links to web pages which can be opened in the standard browser by clicking on them.

Repetier-Host can communicate with Repetier-Server instances, that may run on other computers, if they were explicitly connected. Repetier-Host can send and / or receive data to / from Repetier-Server like g-codes, models, images, printer information, information about all stored models, … to control 3d printers and manage stored data.

Repetier-Host can send 3d status messages to the Repetier-Informer app, if the connection was explicitly configured.

22. Data transmission of Repetier-Server
Repetier-Server only connects to the web servers of Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG to check for updates and to validate an entered license key. If the data subject uses a customized Repetier-Server version of a third party, the server may connect to a web server of a third party to check for updates. In the program are some links to web pages which can be opened in the standard browser by clicking on them.

Repetier-Server can communicate with Repetier-Host instances, that may run on other computers, if they were explicitly connected. Repetier-Server can send and / or receive data to / from Repetier-Host like g-codes, models, images, printer information, information about all stored models, … to control 3d printers and manage stored data.

Repetier-Server can send 3d status messages to the Repetier-Informer app, if the connection was explicitly configured.

Repetier-Server works like a web server and can be accessed by any recent web browser. Depending on the user’s network configuration, this can be internal only or globally. For this reason we highly recommend to enable user authentication in Repetier-Server.

The data subject can connect Repetier-Server to the Repetier cloud services to get full access to connected Repetier-Server instances from everywhere to authorized users via https://my.repetier.com. To allow this functionality, the Repetier cloud services need to store additional data and also may cache server states, images and process data sent from the Repetier-Server.

23. Legal basis for the processing
Art. 6(1) lit. a GDPR serves as the legal basis for processing operations for which we obtain consent for a specific processing purpose. If the processing of personal data is necessary for the performance of a contract to which the data subject is party, as is the case, for example, when processing operations are necessary for the supply of goods or to provide any other service, the processing is based on Article 6(1) lit. b GDPR. The same applies to such processing operations which are necessary for carrying out pre-contractual measures, for example in the case of inquiries concerning our products or services. Is our company subject to a legal obligation by which processing of personal data is required, such as for the fulfillment of tax obligations, the processing is based on Art. 6(1) lit. c GDPR. In rare cases, the processing of personal data may be necessary to protect the vital interests of the data subject or of another natural person. This would be the case, for example, if a visitor were injured in our company and his name, age, health insurance data or other vital information would have to be passed on to a doctor, hospital or other third party. Then the processing would be based on Art. 6(1) lit. d GDPR. Finally, processing operations could be based on Article 6(1) lit. f GDPR. This legal basis is used for processing operations which are not covered by any of the abovementioned legal grounds, if processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by our company or by a third party, except where such interests are overridden by the interests or fundamental rights and freedoms of the data subject which require protection of personal data. Such processing operations are particularly permissible because they have been specifically mentioned by the European legislator. He considered that a legitimate interest could be assumed if the data subject is a client of the controller (Recital 47 Sentence 2 GDPR).

24. The legitimate interests pursued by the controller or by a third party
Where the processing of personal data is based on Article 6(1) lit. f GDPR our legitimate interest is to carry out our business in favor of the well-being of all our employees and the shareholders.

25. Period for which the personal data will be stored
The criteria used to determine the period of storage of personal data is the respective statutory retention period. After expiration of that period, the corresponding data is routinely deleted, as long as it is no longer necessary for the fulfillment of the contract or the initiation of a contract.

26. Provision of personal data as statutory or contractual requirement; Requirement necessary to enter into a contract; Obligation of the data subject to provide the personal data; possible consequences of failure to provide such data
We clarify that the provision of personal data is partly required by law (e.g. tax regulations) or can also result from contractual provisions (e.g. information on the contractual partner). Sometimes it may be necessary to conclude a contract that the data subject provides us with personal data, which must subsequently be processed by us. The data subject is, for example, obliged to provide us with personal data when our company signs a contract with him or her. The non-provision of the personal data would have the consequence that the contract with the data subject could not be concluded. Before personal data is provided by the data subject, the data subject must contact our Data Protection Officer. Our Data Protection Officer clarifies to the data subject whether the provision of the personal data is required by law or contract or is necessary for the conclusion of the contract, whether there is an obligation to provide the personal data and the consequences of non-provision of the personal data.

27. Existence of automated decision-making
As a responsible company, we do not use automatic decision-making or profiling.

This Privacy Policy has been generated by the Privacy Policy Generator of the External Data Protection Officer (https://dg-datenschutz.de/services/external-data-protection-officer/?lang=en) from DGD Deutsche Gesellschaft für Datenschutz GmbH, which has been developed in cooperation with WILDE BEUGER SOLMECKE | Lawyers (https://www.wbs-law.de/) and the used hardware dealer RC GmbH (http://remarketing.company/). The generated privacy policy has been changed and extended by Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG.

Hier is de ongewijzigde vertaling door Google Translate:

Wij zijn zeer verheugd dat u interesse hebben getoond in onze onderneming. Gegevensbescherming is van een bijzonder hoge prioriteit voor het beheer van de Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG. Het gebruik van de Repetier software ( Repetier-Host, Repetier-Server, Repetier-Informer) en Repetier websites (https://www.repetier.com, http://www.repetier-server.com, https://my.repetier.com, https://forum.repetier.com, http://www.repetier-apps.com, ...) beheerd door Hot-World GmbH & Co. KGmogelijk zonder vermelding van persoonsgegevens; maar als een betrokkene wil speciale diensten enterprise gebruiken via onze software, app of website, verwerking van persoonsgegevens kan noodzakelijk geworden. Als de verwerking van persoonsgegevens noodzakelijk is en er is geen wettelijke basis voor een dergelijke verwerking, we over het algemeen het verkrijgen van toestemming van de betrokkene.

De verwerking van persoonsgegevens, zoals naam, adres, e-mailadres, apparaat of het telefoonnummer van een betrokkene moet altijd in overeenstemming zijn met de algemene verordening gegevensbescherming (GDPR), en in overeenstemming met de landspecifieke Wet bescherming persoonsgegevens van toepassing op de Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG. Door middel van deze verklaring van gegevensbescherming, zou onze onderneming graag aan het grote publiek van de aard, omvang, en het doel van de persoonlijke gegevens die wij verzamelen, gebruiken en verwerken van op de hoogte. Bovendien worden de betrokkenen op de hoogte door middel van deze verklaring van gegevensbescherming, van de rechten waarop zij recht hebben.

Als de controller, de Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG heeft een groot aantal technische en organisatorische maatregelen om de meest complete bescherming van persoonsgegevens die worden verwerkt door de zorgen geïmplementeerd Repetier software, apps en websites, die op dedicated webservers die worden aangedreven door zijn opgeslagen Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG. Echter, kan op internet gebaseerde data transmissies in principe leemten in de beveiliging, zodat absolute bescherming kan niet worden gegarandeerd.

1. Definities
De verklaring inzake gegevensbescherming van de Hot-World GmbH & Co. KGis gebaseerd op de termen die worden gebruikt door de Europese wetgever voor de vaststelling van de algemene verordening gegevensbescherming (GDPR). Onze gegevens verklaring bescherming moet leesbaar en begrijpelijk voor het grote publiek, evenals onze klanten en zakelijke partners. Om dit te garanderen, willen we eerst de gebruikte terminologie uit te leggen.

In deze privacyverklaring gebruiken we onder meer als volgt:

a) Persoonlijke gegevens
Persoonsgegevens: iedere informatie betreffende een geïdentificeerde of identificeerbare natuurlijke persoon ( “betrokkene”). Een identificeerbare natuurlijke persoon is die kan worden geïdentificeerd, rechtstreeks of onrechtstreeks, met name aan de hand van een identificatie, zoals een naam, identificatienummer, locatiegegevens, online identifier of één of meer factoren die het fysieke, fysiologische, genetische, psychische, economische, culturele of sociale identiteit van die natuurlijke persoon.

b) onderwerp Gegevens
Betrokkene is geen geïdentificeerde of identificeerbare natuurlijke persoon van wie persoonsgegevens worden verwerkt door de controller die verantwoordelijk is voor de verwerking.

c) Verwerking
Processing is elke bewerking of elk geheel van bewerkingen met betrekking tot persoonsgegevens of stellen persoonlijke gegevens, al dan niet langs geautomatiseerde weg, zoals het verzamelen, vastleggen, ordenen, structureren, bewaren, bijwerken opvragen, raadplegen, gebruiken, verstrekken door middel van doorzending, verspreiden of op andere wijze ter beschikking stellen, samenbrengen, beperking, uitwissen of vernietigen.

d) Beperking van de verwerking
Beperking van de verwerking is het markeren van opgeslagen persoonsgegevens met het doel in de toekomst te beperken de verwerking ervan.

e) Profiling
Profiling elke vorm van geautomatiseerde verwerking van persoonsgegevens, bestaande uit het gebruik van persoonsgegevens om bepaalde persoonlijke aspecten die betrekking hebben op een natuurlijke persoon te evalueren, in het bijzonder om te analyseren of aspecten met betrekking tot voorspellen dat de prestaties van de natuurlijke persoon op het werk, de economische situatie, gezondheid, persoonlijke voorkeuren , interesses, betrouwbaarheid, gedrag, locatie of bewegingen.

f) Pseudonimisering
Pseudonimisering is de verwerking van gegevens op een zodanige wijze dat de gegevens niet langer kunnen worden toegeschreven aan een specifiek onderwerp gegevens zonder het gebruik van aanvullende informatie, mits deze aanvullende informatie apart gehouden en onderworpen aan technische en organisatorische maatregelen om dat de persoonlijke gegevens niet worden toegeschreven aan een geïdentificeerde of identificeerbare natuurlijke persoon.

g) controller of controller verantwoordelijk voor de verwerking
Controller of controller die verantwoordelijk is voor de verwerking is de natuurlijke of rechtspersoon, de overheidsinstantie, de dienst of het lichaam dat, alleen of samen met anderen, het doel van en middelen voor de verwerking van persoonsgegevens; waarbij het doel en de middelen van de verwerking worden bepaald door de Unie of wetgeving van de lidstaten, kan de controller of de specifieke criteria voor diens benoeming worden voorzien door de Unie of de lidstaten de wet.

h) Processor
Processor is een natuurlijke of rechtspersoon, de overheidsinstantie, de dienst of het lichaam dat persoonsgegevens verwerkt namens de controller.

i) Ontvangers
Ontvanger een natuurlijke of rechtspersoon, de overheidsinstantie, de dienst of een andere instantie, waarop de persoonsgegevens worden meegedeeld, ongeacht of een derde partij of niet. Echter, kunnen overheidsinstanties die persoonlijke gegevens ontvangen in het kader van een bepaald onderzoek in overeenstemming met de Unie of de lidstaten wet zal niet als ontvangers beschouwd; de verwerking van deze gegevens door de overheid moeten in overeenstemming zijn met de toepasselijke regels voor gegevensbescherming in overeenstemming met de doeleinden van de verwerking.

j) Third party
Third party is een natuurlijke of rechtspersoon, de overheidsinstantie, de dienst of enig ander lichaam, niet zijnde de betrokkene, controller, processor en personen die onder rechtstreeks gezag van de verantwoordelijke of de verwerker, gemachtigd zijn om persoonsgegevens te verwerken.

k) Toestemming
Toestemming van de betrokkene wordt elke vrije, specifieke, op de hoogte en ondubbelzinnige indicatie van de wensen van de betrokkene, waardoor hij of zij, door middel van een verklaring of door een duidelijke positieve actie, betekent akkoord met de verwerking van persoonsgegevens met betrekking tot hem of haar .

2. Naam en adres van de controller
Controller voor de toepassing van de algemene verordening gegevensbescherming (GDPR), andere wetten ter bescherming van gegevens in de lidstaten van de Europese Unie en andere bepalingen die van toepassing met betrekking tot de bescherming van gegevens is:

Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG

Knickelsdorf 42

47877 Willich

Duitsland

Telefoon: +49 (0) 2154 - 60 65 18

E-mail: info@repetier.com

websites: https://www.repetier.com, http://www.repetier-server.com, https://my.repetier.com, https://forum.repetier.com, http://www.repetier-apps.com, ...

3. Naam en adres van de Data Protection Officer
De functionaris voor gegevensbescherming van de controller:

Marcus Littwin
Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG

Knickelsdorf 42

47877 Willich

Duitsland

Telefoon: +49 (0) 2154 - 60 65 18

E-mail: info@repetier.com

websites: https://www.repetier.com, http://www.repetier-server.com, https://my.repetier.com, https://forum.repetier.com, http://www.repetier-apps.com, ...

Elke betrokkene kan, te allen tijde contact opnemen met onze Data Protection Officer rechtstreeks met alle vragen en suggesties met betrekking tot de bescherming van gegevens.

4. Cookies
De internetpagina's van het Hot-World GmbH & Co. KGgebruik van cookies. Cookies zijn tekstbestanden die in een computersysteem via een internet browser worden opgeslagen.

Veel websites en servers maken gebruik van cookies. Veel cookies bevatten een zogenaamde cookie-ID. Een cookie ID is een unieke identificatie van de cookie. Het bestaat uit een tekenreeks via welke internetpagina's en servers aan de specifieke Internet browser waarin het cookie is opgeslagen, kunnen worden toegewezen. Dit maakt het mogelijk bezochte internetsites en servers aan de individuele browser van de dats onderwerp vanuit andere internetbrowsers dat andere cookies bevatten onderscheiden. Een specifieke internet browser kan worden herkend en geïdentificeerd met behulp van de unieke cookie-ID.

Door het gebruik van cookies, de Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG kunnen de gebruikers van deze website te voorzien van meer gebruiksvriendelijke diensten die niet mogelijk zou zijn zonder de cookie-instellingen.

Door middel van een cookie kan de informatie en aanbiedingen op onze website worden geoptimaliseerd met de gebruiker in het achterhoofd. Cookies stellen ons in staat, zoals eerder vermeld, om gebruikers van onze website te herkennen. Het doel van deze erkenning is het voor gebruikers gemakkelijker om onze website te kunnen benutten maken. De website gebruiker die cookies gebruikt, heeft bijvoorbeeld geen toegang tot gegevens in te voeren elke keer dat de website wordt benaderd, omdat deze overgenomen door de website wordt genomen, en de cookie wordt dus opgeslagen op de computer van de gebruiker. Een ander voorbeeld is het cookie van een winkelwagentje in een online winkel. De online winkel herinnert zich de artikelen die een klant in de virtuele winkelwagen via een cookie geplaatst.

De betrokkene kan, te allen tijde voorkomen dat de instelling van cookies via onze website door middel van een overeenkomstige instelling van de internet-browser gebruikt, en kan dus definitief ontzeggen de instelling van cookies. Bovendien, al ingesteld cookies kan te allen tijde via een internet browser of andere programma's verwijderd. Dit is mogelijk in alle populaire Internet browsers. Als de betrokkene het instellen van cookies in de internetbrowser gebruikt deactiveert, niet alle functies van onze website kan volledig bruikbaar zijn.

5. Verzameling van algemene gegevens en informatie
De websites en de Repetier API (Application Programming Interface) van de Hot-World GmbH & Co. KGverzamelt een reeks algemene gegevens en informatie wanneer een betrokkene of geautomatiseerd systeem roept de website of API. Deze algemene gegevens en informatie worden opgeslagen in de server log-bestanden. Verzameld kan (1) het type browser en uitvoeringen worden gebruikt, (2) het besturingssysteem van de ontsluitingssysteem, (3) de website waarop een ontsluitingssysteem onze website (zogenaamde verwijzers) bereikt, (4) de sub -websites, (5) de datum en tijd van de toegang tot de website, (6) een Internet-protocol (IP-adres), (7) het internet service provider van het ontsluitingssysteem, en (8) alle andere soortgelijke gegevens en informatie die kan worden gebruikt in het geval van aanvallen op onze IT-systemen.

Bij het gebruik van deze algemene gegevens en informatie, het Hot-World GmbH & Co. KGgeen conclusies trekken over de betrokkene. In plaats daarvan wordt deze informatie nodig is om (1) leveren de inhoud van onze website correct, (2) het optimaliseren van de inhoud van onze website, alsmede de reclame, (3) zorgen voor de levensvatbaarheid van onze IT-systemen en de website van de technologie op lange termijn en (4) bieden wetshandhavingsinstanties met de informatie die nodig is voor strafrechtelijke vervolging in het geval van een cyber-aanval. Daarom, de Hot-World GmbH & Co. KGanalyses anoniem verzamelde gegevens en informatie statistisch, met als doel het vergroten van de bescherming en beveiliging van gegevens van onze onderneming, en om een ​​optimaal niveau van bescherming van de persoonlijke gegevens die wij verwerken waarborgen. De anonieme gegevens van de server logbestanden worden apart van alle persoonlijke gegevens die door een betrokkene opgeslagen.

6. Registratie bedrijven op onze website
De betrokkene heeft de mogelijkheid om te registreren op de websites van de controller met de vermelding van de persoonsgegevens. Die gegevens naar de controller verzonden wordt bepaald door de respectievelijke invoervenster voor de registratie. De persoonlijke gegevens die door de betrokkene ingevoerd worden verzameld en uitsluitend opgeslagen voor intern gebruik door de controller, en voor zijn eigen doeleinden. De controller kan overdracht verzoeken om één of meer processors (bijvoorbeeld een Apple of Google push message service) die ook gebruik maakt van persoonsgegevens voor een interne doel dat te wijten is aan de controller. De controller zal een automatische bevestiging per e-mail te sturen naar de double opt-in procedure te controleren of de eigenaar van het opgegeven e-mailadres beslist in het voordeel van deze optie.

Door zich te registreren op de website van de controller, het IP-adres toegewezen door de Internet Service Provider (ISP) en wordt gebruikt door de betrokkene-datum en tijd van de registratie worden ook opgeslagen. De opslag van deze gegevens vindt plaats tegen de achtergrond dat dit de enige manier is om het misbruik van onze diensten te voorkomen, en, indien nodig, om het mogelijk maken om gepleegde delicten te onderzoeken. In zoverre het opslaan van deze gegevens moet de controller te beveiligen. Deze gegevens worden niet doorgegeven aan derden, tenzij er een wettelijke verplichting van de gegevens door te geven, of indien de overdracht dient het doel van strafrechtelijke vervolging.

De registratie van de betrokkene, met de vrijwillige vermelding van de persoonsgegevens, is bedoeld om de controller in staat te stellen de betrokkene inhoud of diensten die alleen voor geregistreerde gebruikers aan te bieden als gevolg van de aard van de zaak in kwestie aan te bieden. Geregistreerde personen zijn vrij om de persoonsgegevens opgegeven tijdens de registratie op elk moment wijzigen of te hebben ze volledig verwijderd uit de gegevens op van de controller.

De verantwoordelijke voor de verwerking zal, op elk gewenst moment, informatie te verstrekken op verzoek aan de betrokkene met betrekking tot wat persoonlijke gegevens worden opgeslagen over de betrokkene. Bovendien moet de verantwoordelijke te corrigeren of persoonlijke gegevens verwijderd op verzoek of aanwijzing van de betrokkene, voor zover er geen wettelijke verplichtingen opslag. Een Data Protection Officer in het bijzonder aangewezen in deze verklaring van gegevensbescherming, evenals het geheel van de werknemers van de controller zijn beschikbaar om de betrokkene in dit opzicht als contactpersonen.

7. Contactgegevens mogelijkheid via de website
De website van de Hot-World GmbH & Co. KGbevat informatie die een snel elektronisch contact met onze onderneming, evenals directe communicatie met ons, die ook een algemeen adres van de zogenaamde elektronische post (e-mailadres) mogelijk maakt. Als een betrokkene contact maakt met de controller via e-mail of via een contact formulier worden de gegevens verzonden door de betrokkene automatisch opgeslagen. Dergelijke persoonlijke gegevens die vrijwillig door een betrokkene fungeren als toezichthouder worden opgeslagen met het oog verwerkings- of contact brengen van de betrokkene. Er is geen overdracht van deze persoonlijke gegevens aan derden.

8. Reacties functie in het forum op de website
De Hot-World GmbH & Co. KGbiedt gebruikers de mogelijkheid om individuele reacties op de individuele forum bijdragen op een forum, die op de website van de controller te verlaten. Een forum is een web-based, publiek toegankelijke portal, waardoor één of meer mensen voorwerpen kunnen plaatsen of opschrijven gedachten in zogenaamde forum posts. Forum berichten kan doorgaans worden becommentarieerd door derden.

Als een betrokkene laat een commentaar op de op deze website gepubliceerde forum, worden de opmerkingen van de betrokkene ook opgeslagen en gepubliceerd, evenals informatie over de datum van het commentaar en de gebruiker (pseudoniem) door de betrokkene gekozen . Daarnaast wordt het IP-adres toegewezen door de Internet Service Provider (ISP) voor de betrokkene ook geregistreerd. Deze opslag van het IP-adres vindt plaats om veiligheidsredenen, en in het geval de betrokkene in strijd met de rechten van derden of berichten illegale inhoud door middel van een bepaalde reactie. Het opslaan van deze persoonlijke gegevens is daarom in het eigen belang van de controller, zodat hij kan vrijpleiten in het geval van een inbreuk. Deze verzamelde persoonlijke gegevens zullen niet worden doorgegeven aan derden,

9. Abonnement op opmerkingen in het forum op de website
De opmerkingen in het forum van de Hot-World GmbH & Co. KGkan worden ingeschreven door derden. In het bijzonder, is er de mogelijkheid dat een commenter onderschrijft de opmerkingen naar aanleiding van zijn opmerkingen over een bepaald forum bericht.

De optie om een ​​abonnement te kunnen worden op elk moment opzegbaar.

10. Routine uitwissing en afscherming van persoonsgegevens
De verantwoordelijke voor de verwerking zal verwerken en de persoonlijke gegevens van de betrokkene alleen voor de periode die nodig is op te slaan om de opslag te bereiken, of voor zover deze wordt toegekend door de Europese wetgever of andere wetgevers in wet- of regelgeving waaraan de verantwoordelijke onderworpen naar.

Als de opslag doel niet van toepassing is, of als er een door de Europese wetgever of een andere bevoegde wetgever voorgeschreven manier opgeslagen is verstreken, de persoonlijke gegevens worden routinematig geblokkeerd of gewist in overeenstemming met de wettelijke vereisten.

11. Rechten van de betrokkene
a) Recht van bevestiging
Elke betrokkene heeft het door de Europese wetgever verleende recht om van de verantwoordelijke voor de bevestiging van het al dan niet hem betreffende persoonsgegevens of haar worden verwerkt te hebben. Als een betrokkene zich wenst te maken van dit recht van de bevestiging, kan hij of zij te allen tijde contact opnemen met onze Data Protection Officer of een andere werknemer van de controller.

b) Het recht op toegang
Elke betrokkene heeft het door de Europese wetgever verleende recht om van de controller gratis informatie over zijn of haar persoonlijke gegevens die zijn opgeslagen op elk gewenst moment en een kopie van deze informatie. Bovendien heeft de Europese richtlijnen en verordeningen verlenen de betrokkene toegang tot de volgende informatie:

de doeleinden van de verwerking;
de betrokken categorieën van persoonsgegevens;
de ontvangers of categorieën ontvangers aan wie de persoonsgegevens zijn of zullen worden bekendgemaakt, met name degenen die in derde landen of internationale organisaties;
indien mogelijk, de beoogde periode waarin de gegevens worden opgeslagen, of, zo niet onmogelijk, de criteria voor die periode te bepalen;
het bestaan ​​van het recht om van de controller rectificatie of wissen van persoonsgegevens of beperking van de verwerking van persoonsgegevens van de betrokkene of te verzetten tegen deze verwerking;
het bestaan ​​van het recht om een ​​klacht indienen bij een toezichthoudende autoriteit in te dienen;
waar de persoonlijke gegevens niet worden verzameld bij de betrokkene zelf, alle beschikbare informatie met betrekking tot de bron;
het bestaan ​​van geautomatiseerde besluitvorming, met inbegrip van profilering, als bedoeld in artikel 22 (1) en (4) van de BBPR en, althans in die gevallen, zinvolle informatie over de logica die betrokken zijn, evenals de betekenis en de beoogde gevolgen van bedoelde de verwerking voor de betrokkene.
Bovendien heeft de betrokkene het recht om informatie te verkrijgen over de vraag of persoonsgegevens worden overgedragen aan een derde land of een internationale organisatie. Indien dit het geval is, moet de betrokkene het recht om te worden geïnformeerd over de passende garanties met betrekking tot de overdracht te hebben.

Als een betrokkene zich wenst te maken van dit recht op toegang, kan hij of zij te allen tijde contact opnemen met onze Data Protection Officer of een andere werknemer van de controller.

c) Recht op rectificatie
Elke betrokkene heeft het door de Europese wetgever verleende recht om van de controller zonder onnodige vertraging de rectificatie van onjuiste persoonsgegevens hem of haar betrekking hebben. Rekening houdend met de doeleinden van de verwerking, heeft de betrokkene het recht om onvolledige persoonsgegevens voltooid, onder meer door middel van het verstrekken van een aanvullende verklaring te hebben.

Als een betrokkene wil dit recht op rectificatie uit te oefenen, kan hij of zij te allen tijde contact opnemen met onze Data Protection Officer of een andere werknemer van de controller.

d) Recht uitwissing (rechts te vergeten)
Elke betrokkene heeft het door de Europese wetgever verleende recht om van de controller het wissen van persoonsgegevens hem betreffende persoonsgegevens zonder onnodige vertraging, en de controller zal de verplichting om persoonlijke gegevens te wissen zonder onnodige vertraging, waar een van de volgende redenen hebben geldt zolang de verwerking niet nodig:

De persoonlijke gegevens niet langer noodzakelijk behoeft te zijn voor de doeleinden waarvoor zij worden verzameld of anderszins bewerkt.
De betrokkene trekt toestemming voor waar de verwerking gebaseerd overeenkomstig punt (a), 6 (1) van de BBPR of onder (a) van artikel 9 (2) van de BBPR en waar geen andere rechtsgrond voor de verwerking.
De betrokkene zich tegen de verwerking overeenkomstig artikel 21 (1) van de BBPR en er geen doorslaggevende legitieme redenen voor de verwerking of de betrokkene objecten met de verwerking overeenkomstig artikel 21 (2) van de BBPR.
De persoonsgegevens onrechtmatig zijn verwerkt.
De persoonsgegevens moeten worden gewist om de naleving van een wettelijke verplichting in de Unie of de lidstaten het recht waaraan de verantwoordelijke onderworpen.
De persoonlijke gegevens die zijn verzameld met betrekking tot het aanbod van diensten van de informatiemaatschappij in artikel 8 (1) van de BBPR genoemd.
Als een van de bovengenoemde redenen past en een betrokkene wil het wissen van gegevens opgeslagen door de verzoeken Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG, Kan hij of zij te allen tijde contact opnemen met onze Data Protection Officer of een andere werknemer van de controller. De functionaris voor gegevensbescherming van de Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG of een andere werknemer wordt onmiddellijk ervoor te zorgen dat het wissen verzoek wordt voldaan onmiddellijk.

Past de verantwoordelijke persoonsgegevens openbaar is gemaakt en op grond van artikel 17 (1) om de persoonlijke gegevens te wissen, de controller, rekening houdend met de beschikbare technologie en de kosten van de uitvoering is verplicht, zij redelijke maatregelen nemen, waaronder technische maatregelen, om de andere te informeren controllers verwerking van de persoonsgegevens die de betrokkene wissen heeft verzocht door dergelijke controllers van alle links naar, of te kopiëren of replicatie van, de persoonsgegevens, voor zover de verwerking niet nodig is. De functionaris voor gegevensbescherming van de Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG of een andere werknemer zal de nodige maatregelen nemen in individuele gevallen te regelen.

e) Recht van beperking van de verwerking
Elke betrokkene heeft het door de Europese wetgever verleende recht om van de verantwoordelijke beperking van de verwerking hebben waar men in de volgende gevallen:

De nauwkeurigheid van de gegevens wordt betwist door de betrokkene, gedurende een periode waarmee de stuureenheid om de juistheid van de gegevens te verifiëren.
De verwerking ervan onwettig is en de betrokkene zich tegen het wissen van de persoonlijke gegevens en verzoeken in plaats van de beperking van het gebruik ervan in plaats daarvan.
De controller niet meer nodig de persoonsgegevens voor de doeleinden van de verwerking, maar ze zijn verplicht door de betrokkene voor de vaststelling, de uitoefening of de verdediging van juridische claims.
De betrokkene bezwaar tegen verwerking overeenkomstig artikel 21 (1) van de BBPR afwachting van de controle of het gegronde redenen van de regelaar overschrijven die van de betrokkene.
Als één van de bovengenoemde voorwaarden wordt voldaan, en een betrokkene wenst de beperking van de verwerking van gegevens opgeslagen door de verzoeken Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG, Kan hij of zij te allen tijde contact opnemen met onze Data Protection Officer of een andere werknemer van de controller. De functionaris voor gegevensbescherming van de Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG of een andere medewerker de beperking van de verwerking te regelen.

f) Recht op gegevensportabiliteit
Elke betrokkene heeft het door de Europese wetgever verleende recht om de persoonlijke gegevens die op hem of haar betrekking, die aan een controller werd ondergaan, op een gestructureerde, vaak gebruikt en machine-leesbaar formaat hebben. Hij of zij heeft het recht om deze gegevens naar een andere controller verzenden zonder hinder van de controller waaraan de persoonlijke gegevens zijn verstrekt, zolang de verwerking is gebaseerd op toestemming als bedoeld in punt (a) van artikel 6 (1) van de BBPR of onder (a) van artikel 9 (2) van de BBPR, of een overeenkomst overeenkomstig punt (b) van artikel 6 (1) van de BBPR en de verwerking op geautomatiseerde wijze worden uitgevoerd, mits de verwerking niet noodzakelijk is voor de vervulling van een taak van algemeen belang of in de uitoefening van het openbaar gezag die aan de controller uitgevoerd.

Bovendien, in zijn of haar recht om data portabiliteit op grond van artikel 20 uitoefenen (1) van de BBPR, de betrokkene heeft het recht om persoonlijke gegevens rechtstreeks overgedragen van de ene controller naar een andere, voor zover technisch mogelijk te doen verlopen en wanneer daarbij niet afbreuk doen aan de rechten en vrijheden van anderen.

Met het oog op het recht om data portabiliteit beweren, kan de betrokkene te allen tijde contact opnemen met de gegevensbescherming aangewezen door de Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG of een andere werknemer.

g) Recht op object
Elke betrokkene heeft het door de Europese wetgever verleende recht zich te verzetten, om redenen die verband houden met zijn of haar specifieke situatie, op elk gewenst moment, om de verwerking van persoonsgegevens hem betreffende persoonsgegevens, die is gebaseerd op punt (e) of (f hebben ) van artikel 6 (1) van de BBPR. Dit geldt ook voor profilering op basis van deze bepalingen.

De Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG zal niet langer de verwerking van persoonsgegevens in het geval van het bezwaar, tenzij we zwaarwegende en gerechtvaardigde redenen voor de verwerking die de belangen, rechten en vrijheden van de betrokkene, of voor de vaststelling, de uitoefening of de verdediging van een recht in rechte overschrijven kan aantonen.

Als de Hot-World GmbH & Co. KGverwerkt persoonsgegevens voor direct marketing doeleinden, heeft de betrokkene het recht om op elk gewenst moment de verwerking van persoonsgegevens hem betreffende persoonsgegevens voor dergelijke marketingdoeleinden te hebben. Dit geldt voor profilering voor zover het betrekking op dergelijke direct marketing. Als de betrokkene bezwaar maakt tegen de Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG met de verwerking voor direct marketing doeleinden, de Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG zullen niet langer de persoonlijke gegevens voor deze doeleinden te verwerken.

Daarnaast heeft de betrokkene het recht heeft, om redenen die verband houden met zijn of haar specifieke situatie, te verzetten tegen verwerking van persoonsgegevens hem betreffende persoonsgegevens door de Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG voor wetenschappelijk of historisch onderzoek doeleinden of voor statistische doeleinden op grond van artikel 89 (1) van de BBPR, tenzij de verwerking noodzakelijk is voor de vervulling van een taak om redenen van algemeen belang.

Met het oog op het recht van verzet uit te oefenen, kan de betrokkene rechtstreeks contact opnemen met de Data Protection Officer van de Hot-World GmbH & Co. KGof een andere werknemer. Daarnaast is de betrokkene is gratis in de context van het gebruik van de diensten van de informatiemaatschappij, en in afwijking van Richtlijn 2002/58 / EG, om zijn of haar recht van verzet op geautomatiseerde wijze met behulp van technische specificaties te gebruiken.

h) Geautomatiseerde individuele besluitvorming, met inbegrip van profilering
Elke betrokkene heeft het door de Europese wetgever verleende recht niet te worden onderworpen aan een besluit uitsluitend gebaseerd op een geautomatiseerde, met inbegrip van profilering, die rechtsgevolgen teweegbrengt hem of haar, of op dergelijke wijze aanzienlijk met betrekking tot invloed op hem of haar, zolang de beslissing (1) is niet noodzakelijk is voor het aangaan, of de uitvoering van een overeenkomst tussen de betrokkene en de verantwoordelijke voor de verwerking, of (2) niet is toegestaan ​​door de Unie of de lidstaten het recht waaraan de verantwoordelijke onderworpen is en die ook legt neer passende maatregelen om de rechten en vrijheden van de betrokkene en de legitieme belangen te beschermen, of (3) is niet gebaseerd op uitdrukkelijke toestemming van de betrokkene.

Indien de beslissing (1) is nodig voor het aangaan, of de uitvoering van een overeenkomst tussen de betrokkene en de verantwoordelijke voor de verwerking, of (2) het is gebaseerd op de uitdrukkelijke toestemming van de betrokkene, de Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG nemen passende maatregelen om de rechten en vrijheden van de betrokkene en rechtmatige belangen in ieder geval het recht op menselijke tussenkomst te verkrijgen van de zijde van de controller, om zijn of haar standpunt kenbaar te maken en te betwisten het besluit te waarborgen, uit te voeren.

Indien de betrokkene wil de rechten uit te oefenen inzake geautomatiseerde individuele besluitvorming, kan hij of zij te allen tijde onze Data Protection Officer rechtstreeks contact opnemen met de Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG Andere werknemers van de regelaar.

i) het recht op gegevensbescherming toestemming in te trekken
Elke betrokkene heeft het door de Europese wetgever verleende recht om zijn of haar toestemming voor de verwerking van zijn of haar persoonlijke gegevens te allen tijde intrekken hebben.

f de betrokkene wil het recht om de toestemming in te trekken uit te oefenen, kan hij of zij te allen tijde direct contact opnemen met onze Data Protection Officer van de Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG Andere werknemers van de regelaar.

12. De bescherming van gegevens voor toepassingen en de aanvraagprocedures
De verantwoordelijke voor de verwerking zal verzamelen en verwerken van de persoonsgegevens van kandidaten voor het doel van de behandeling van de aanvraag procedure. De verwerking kan ook elektronisch worden uitgevoerd. Dit is het geval, in het bijzonder indien een aanvrager bijbehorende toepassing documenten per e-mail of door middel van een webformulier op de website om de controller. Indien de verantwoordelijke voor de verwerking een arbeidsovereenkomst met een aanvrager concludeert, zal de ingediende gegevens worden opgeslagen voor het doel van de verwerking van de arbeidsverhouding in overeenstemming met de wettelijke vereisten. Als er geen arbeidsovereenkomst met de kandidaat door de controller wordt gesloten, wordt de aanvraag documenten automatisch worden gewist twee maanden na de betekening van de afwijzende beslissing, op voorwaarde dat er geen andere legitieme belangen van de controller zijn tegen het wissen.

13. Bepalingen inzake gegevensbescherming over de toepassing en het gebruik van Facebook
Op deze website is de controller geïntegreerde componenten van de onderneming Facebook. Facebook is een sociaal netwerk.

Een sociaal netwerk is een plaats voor sociale bijeenkomsten op het internet, een online community, die meestal kunnen gebruikers met elkaar kunnen communiceren en samenwerken in een virtuele ruimte. Een sociaal netwerk kan dienen als een platform voor de uitwisseling van meningen en ervaringen, of schakel de internetgemeenschap om persoonlijke of zakelijke-gerelateerde informatie te verstrekken. Facebook laat gebruikers van sociale netwerken tot de oprichting van de particuliere profielen bevatten, foto's uploaden, en netwerk via vriend verzoeken.

De werkmaatschappij van Facebook is Facebook, Inc., 1 Hacker Way, Menlo Park, CA 94025, Verenigde Staten. Als een persoon buiten de Verenigde Staten of Canada woont, de controller is de Facebook-Ireland Ltd., 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour, Dublin 2, Ierland.

Met elke call-up van een van de afzonderlijke pagina's van deze internet website, die wordt beheerd door de controller en waarin een Facebook-component (Facebook plug-ins) werd geïntegreerd, de webbrowser op het IT-systeem van de betrokkene automatisch gevraagd om de weergave van de overeenkomstige Facebook component van Facebook downloaden via de Facebook-component. Een overzicht van alle Facebook-plug-ins kunnen worden geopend onderhttps://developers.facebook.com/docs/plugins/. In de loop van deze technische procedure, is Facebook op de hoogte van welke specifieke sub-site van onze website werd bezocht door de betrokkene gesteld.

Indien de betrokkene wordt aangemeld op hetzelfde moment op Facebook, detecteert Facebook met elke oproep-up op onze website door de betrokkene-en voor de gehele duur van hun verblijf op onze website-die specifieke sub-site van onze Internet pagina wordt bezocht door de betrokkene. Deze informatie wordt verzameld via de Facebook-component en in verband met de respectieve Facebook-account van de betrokkene. Als de betrokkene klikt op een van de Facebook-knoppen geïntegreerd in onze website, bijvoorbeeld de "Like" button, of indien de betrokkene dient een reactie, dan overeenkomt met Facebook deze informatie met de persoonlijke Facebook-gebruikersaccount van de betrokkene en slaat de persoonlijke gegevens.

Facebook ontvangt altijd, door middel van de Facebook-component, informatie over een bezoek aan onze website door de betrokkene, wanneer de betrokkene is ingelogd op hetzelfde moment op Facebook in de tijd van de call-up op onze website. Dit gebeurt ongeacht of de betrokkene klikt op de Facebook-component of niet. Indien een dergelijke overdracht van informatie op Facebook is niet wenselijk voor de betrokkene, dan kan hij of zij dit te voorkomen door in te loggen off van hun Facebook-account voor een call-up op onze website is gemaakt.

De richtlijn voor gegevensbescherming, gepubliceerd door Facebook, die beschikbaar is op https://facebook.com/about/privacy/, biedt informatie over het verzamelen, verwerken en gebruiken van persoonlijke gegevens door Facebook. Daarnaast wordt hier uitgelegd welke instellingsopties Facebook biedt om de privacy van de betrokkene te beschermen. Daarnaast zijn er verschillende configuratie-opties beschikbaar om de gegevensoverdracht naar Facebook te elimineren. Deze toepassingen kunnen door de betrokkene worden gebruikt om een gegevensoverdracht naar Facebook te elimineren.

14. Bepalingen inzake gegevensbescherming over de toepassing en het gebruik van Matomo
Op deze website, is de verantwoordelijke voor de Matomo component geïntegreerd. Matomo is een open-source software tool voor webanalyse. Web analyse is de verzameling, het verzamelen en evalueren van gegevens over het gedrag van bezoekers van internetsites. Een web analyse tool verzamelt, onder meer gegevens op de website van waaruit een betrokkene kwam tot een website (de zogenaamde referrer), welke pagina's van de website toegankelijk waren of hoe vaak en voor welke periode een sub-pagina is bekeken. Een web analyse wordt voornamelijk gebruikt voor het optimaliseren van een website en de kosten-batenanalyse van reclame op het internet.

De software wordt gebruikt op de server van de controller, worden de gegevens beschermingsgerichte logbestanden uitsluitend opgeslagen op deze server.

Het doel van de Matomo component is de analyse van de bezoekersstromen op onze website. De controller maakt gebruik van de verkregen gegevens en informatie, onder meer om het gebruik van deze website om online rapporten, die de activiteiten op onze internetpagina's te tonen compileren te evalueren.

Matomo stelt een cookie op het IT-systeem van de betrokkene. De definitie van cookies is hierboven toegelicht. Met de instelling van de cookie, is een analyse van het gebruik van onze website ingeschakeld. Met elke call-up van een van de afzonderlijke pagina's van deze website, de internetbrowser op het IT-systeem van de betrokkene automatisch door de Matomo component gevraagd om gegevens voor het doel van online analyse naar onze server in te dienen. In de loop van deze technische procedure, krijgen we kennis over persoonlijke gegevens, zoals het IP-adres van de betrokkene, dat dient om de herkomst van de bezoekers en klikken begrijpen. Matomo maakt alleen gebruik van anonieme IP-gegevens. Matomo winkels in de database iedere nieuwe bezoeker IP-adres (IPv4 of IPv6-formaat) met de laatste onderdelen verwijderd om privacy gebruiker te beschermen.

De cookie wordt gebruikt om persoonlijke informatie op te slaan, zoals de toegangstijd, de locatie van waaruit toegang is verkregen, en de frequentie van de bezoeken aan onze website. Bij elk bezoek aan onze internetpagina's, deze persoonsgegevens, met inbegrip van het IP-adres van de internettoegang die door de betrokkene, worden overgebracht naar onze server. Deze persoonlijke gegevens worden opgeslagen door ons met IP-anonimisering. We hebben geen deze persoonlijke gegevens aan derden te sturen.

De betrokkene kan, zoals hierboven vermeld, te voorkomen dat de instelling van cookies via onze website te allen tijde door middel van een overeenkomstige aanpassing van de webbrowser gebruikt en dus permanent te ontzeggen de instelling van cookies. Een dergelijke aanpassing van de gebruikte internetbrowser zou ook voorkomen dat Matomo uit het instellen van een cookie op het IT-systeem van de betrokkene. Daarnaast, koekjes al in gebruik door Matomo kan worden op elk gewenst moment via een webbrowser of andere programma's verwijderd.

Daarnaast heeft de betrokkene heeft de mogelijkheid van bezwaar tegen een verzameling van gegevens met betrekking tot een gebruik van deze internetsite die worden gegenereerd door Matomo, alsmede de verwerking van deze gegevens door Matomo en de mogelijkheid om een ​​dergelijke uit te sluiten. Hiervoor moet de betrokkene een opt-out cookie in te stellen:


De opt-out cookie die is ingesteld voor dit doel wordt geplaatst op de IT-systeem dat wordt gebruikt door de betrokkene. Als de cookies worden verwijderd op het systeem van de betrokkene, dan moet de betrokkene opnieuw op te roepen-up op de link en een nieuwe opt-out cookie.

Bij elke instelling van de opt-out-cookie, echter, is er de mogelijkheid dat de websites van de controller niet langer volledig bruikbaar voor de betrokkene.

Verdere informatie en de toepasselijke bepalingen inzake gegevensbescherming in Matomo kan worden opgehaald onder https://matomo.org/privacy/.

15. Bepalingen inzake gegevensbescherming over de toepassing en het gebruik van Twitter
Op deze website is de controller geïntegreerde componenten van Twitter. Twitter is een meertalige, voor het publiek toegankelijke microblogdienst op welke gebruikers kunnen publiceren en verspreiden van zogenaamde 'tweets', bijvoorbeeld korte berichten, die zijn beperkt tot 140 karakters. Deze korte berichten zijn beschikbaar voor iedereen, ook voor degenen die niet zijn aangemeld bij Twitter. De tweets worden ook weergegeven op de zogenaamde volgelingen van de betreffende gebruiker. Volgers zijn andere Twitter-gebruikers die tweets van een gebruiker te volgen. Bovendien Twitter stelt u in staat om een ​​breed publiek aan te spreken via hashtags, links of retweets.

De werkmaatschappij van Twitter Twitter, Inc., 1355 Market Street, Suite 900, San Francisco, CA 94103, Verenigde Staten.

Met elke call-up van één van de afzonderlijke pagina's van deze website, die wordt beheerd door de controller en waarop een Twitter component (Twitter-knop) werd geïntegreerd, wordt de internetbrowser op het IT-systeem van de betrokkene automatisch gevraagd om een ​​weergave van de overeenkomstige Twitter component van Twitter te downloaden. Verdere informatie over het Twitter knoppen is beschikbaar onderhttps://about.twitter.com/de/resources/buttons. In de loop van deze technische procedure, Twitter krijgt kennis van wat specifieke sub-pagina van onze website werd bezocht door de betrokkene. Het doel van de integratie van de Twitter-component is een heruitzending van de inhoud van deze website om onze gebruikers naar deze webpagina te laten kennismaken met de digitale wereld en onze bezoekersaantallen te verhogen.

Indien de betrokkene wordt aangemeld op hetzelfde moment op Twitter, Twitter detecteert bij iedere call-up op onze website door de betrokkene en voor de gehele duur van hun verblijf op onze internet site die specifieke sub-pagina van onze internet pagina is bezocht door de betrokkene. Deze informatie wordt verzameld via de Twitter-component en in verband met de respectieve Twitter-account van de betrokkene. Als de betrokkene klikt op een van de Twitter-knoppen geïntegreerd op onze website, dan Twitter kent deze informatie naar de persoonlijke Twitter account van de betrokkene en slaat de persoonsgegevens.

Twitter krijgt informatie via de Twitter-component dat de betrokkene op onze website heeft bezocht, op voorwaarde dat de betrokkene is ingelogd op Twitter op het tijdstip van de call-up op onze website. Dit gebeurt ongeacht of de persoon klikt op de Twitter-component of niet. Indien een dergelijke overdracht van informatie aan Twitter is niet wenselijk voor de betrokkene, dan kan hij of zij dit te voorkomen door in te loggen off van hun Twitter-account voor een call-up op onze website is gemaakt.

De toepasselijke bepalingen inzake gegevensbescherming van Twitter kan worden geopend onder https://twitter.com/privacy?lang=en.

16. Bepalingen inzake gegevensbescherming over de toepassing en het gebruik van YouTube
Op deze website is de controller geïntegreerde componenten van YouTube. YouTube is een Internet video portal die video-uitgevers in staat stelt om video clips en andere gebruikers gratis, die ook voorziet in gratis bekijken, toetsing en commentaar op ze in te stellen. YouTube kunt u alle soorten video's publiceren, zodat u toegang tot zowel de volledige films en tv-uitzendingen, evenals muziek video's, trailers en video's die door gebruikers via het internet portaal.

De werkmaatschappij van YouTube is YouTube, LLC, 901 Cherry Ave., San Bruno, CA 94066, Verenigde Staten. De YouTube, LLC is een dochteronderneming van Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043-1351, Verenigde Staten.

Met elke call-up van één van de afzonderlijke pagina's van deze website, die wordt beheerd door de controller en waarop een YouTube-component (YouTube video) werd geïntegreerd, wordt de internetbrowser op het IT-systeem van de betrokkene automatisch gevraagd om een ​​weergave van de bijbehorende YouTube-component te downloaden. Verdere informatie over YouTube kan worden verkregen in het kader https://www.youtube.com/intl/en/yt/about/. In de loop van deze technische procedure, YouTube en Google krijgen kennis van wat specifieke sub-pagina van onze website werd bezocht door de betrokkene.

Als de betrokkene is ingelogd op YouTube, YouTube herkent bij elke oproep tot een sub-pagina met een YouTube-video, welke specifieke sub-pagina van onze website door de betrokkene werd bezocht bevat. Deze informatie wordt verzameld door YouTube en Google en toegewezen aan de desbetreffende YouTube-account van de betrokkene.

YouTube en Google zal informatie via de YouTube-component dat de betrokkene op onze website heeft bezocht, indien de betrokkene op het moment van de oproep op onze website is ingelogd op YouTube te ontvangen; dit gebeurt ongeacht of de persoon klikt op een YouTube-video of niet. Indien een dergelijke overdracht van deze informatie naar YouTube en Google is niet wenselijk voor de betrokkene, kan de levering worden voorkomen als de betrokkene zich afmeldt bij hun eigen YouTube-account voor een call-up op onze website is gemaakt.

YouTube bepalingen inzake gegevensbescherming, te vinden op https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/, Geven informatie over het verzamelen, verwerken en gebruiken van persoonsgegevens door YouTube en Google.

17. Bepalingen inzake gegevensbescherming over de toepassing en het gebruik van Google Cloud Messaging (CGM)
In de android Repetier-Informerapp, de controller heeft geïntegreerde componenten van Google. de android Repetier-Informer app maakt gebruik van Google Cloud Messaging (GCM) informatie te verschaffen aan mobiele eindapparatuur, die vervolgens kunnen gebruiken in de Repetier-Informer app.

De werkmaatschappij van Google is Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043-1351, Verenigde Staten.

Bij het opzetten van de Repetier-Informerapp, wordt een bestaande groep met bijbehorende groeps-ID ingevoerd of een nieuwe groep wordt gemaakt. Hier krijgen we van Google het apparaat ID waarmee we kunnen push-berichten versturen.

Met elke boodschap over te brengen we de tekst van het bericht en indien gespecificeerd een link via GCM aan een specifiek Google-apparaat ID, zodat de Repetier-Informer app ontvangt deze gegevens.

Google's bepalingen inzake gegevensbescherming, te vinden op https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/, Geven informatie over het verzamelen, verwerken en gebruiken van persoonsgegevens door Google.

18. Bepalingen inzake gegevensbescherming over de toepassing en het gebruik van Apple Push Notification Service (APN)
In de iOS Repetier-Informerapp, de controller heeft geïntegreerde componenten van Apple. de iOS Repetier-Informer app maakt gebruik van Apple Push Notification Service (APN's) om informatie te verschaffen aan mobiele eindapparatuur, die vervolgens kunnen gebruiken in de Repetier-Informer app.

De werkmaatschappij van Apple is Apple, 1 Infinite Loop, Cupertino, CA 95014, Verenigde Staten.

Bij het opzetten van de Repetier-Informerapp, wordt een bestaande groep met bijbehorende groeps-ID ingevoerd of een nieuwe groep wordt gemaakt. Hier krijgen we van Apple het apparaat ID waarmee we kunnen push-berichten versturen.

Met elke boodschap over te brengen we de tekst van het bericht en indien gespecificeerd een link via APN's aan een specifieke Apple-apparaat ID, zodat de Repetier-Informer app ontvangt deze gegevens.

Apple's bepalingen inzake gegevensbescherming, te vinden op https://www.apple.com/privacy/, Geven informatie over het verzamelen, verwerken en gebruiken van persoonsgegevens door Apple.

19. Het ontvangen van berichten van push Repetier-Informer
Het enige doel van de Repetier-Informer app is dat het programma wilt Repetier-Server en Repetier-Host, Beide ontwikkeld door Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG, Stuur statusberichten van uw 3D-printer via een push-bericht naar uw smartphones en / of tablets.

Als u niet wilt push-berichten ontvangen op uw smartphone of tablet, kunt u de toegewezen groepen in de app instellingen te verwijderen, kun je de app verwijderen of u kunt push-berichten in te schakelen Repetier-Host en / of Repetier-Server.

20. Methode van de betaling: Bepalingen inzake gegevensbescherming over het gebruik van PayPal als payment processor
Op deze website is de controller geïntegreerde componenten van PayPal. PayPal is een online payment service provider. Betalingen worden verwerkt via zogenaamde PayPal-rekeningen, die virtual private of zakelijke accounts te vertegenwoordigen. PayPal is ook in staat om virtuele betalingen via credit cards verwerken wanneer een gebruiker een PayPal-account heeft. Een PayPal-account wordt beheerd via een e-mail adres, dat is de reden waarom er geen klassieke rekeningnummers. PayPal maakt het mogelijk om online betalingen aan derden te activeren of om betalingen te ontvangen. PayPal accepteert ook trustee functies en biedt bescherming koper diensten.

De Europese werkmaatschappij van PayPal is PayPal (Europe) S.à.rl & Cie. SCA, 22-24 Boulevard Royal, 2449 Luxemburg, Luxemburg.

Als de betrokkene kiest "PayPal", zoals de optie betaling in de online shop tijdens het bestelproces, we automatisch de gegevens van de betrokkene om PayPal te verzenden. Door deze betaling optie selecteert, de betrokkene instemt met de overdracht van persoonlijke gegevens die nodig zijn voor de verwerking van betalingen.

De persoonlijke gegevens die aan PayPal is meestal voornaam, naam, adres, e-mailadres, IP-adres, telefoonnummer, mobiel telefoonnummer, of andere gegevens die nodig zijn voor de verwerking van betalingen. De verwerking van de koopovereenkomst vereist ook deze persoonsgegevens, die in verband met de betreffende bestelling.

De overdracht van de gegevens is gericht op de verwerking van betalingen en fraudepreventie. De controller zal persoonsgegevens doorgeven aan PayPal, in het bijzonder, als een legitiem belang in de transmissie wordt gegeven. De persoonsgegevens die worden uitgewisseld tussen PayPal en de verantwoordelijke voor de verwerking van de gegevens door PayPal worden doorgegeven aan de economische ratingbureaus. Deze transmissie is bedoeld voor de identiteit en de kredietwaardigheid controles.

PayPal zal, indien nodig, persoonlijke gegevens doorgeven aan gelieerde ondernemingen en service providers of onderaannemers voor zover dit noodzakelijk is om de contractuele verplichtingen na te komen of voor gegevens die moeten worden verwerkt in de volgorde.

De betrokkene heeft de mogelijkheid om toestemming voor de verwerking van persoonsgegevens in te trekken op ieder moment van PayPal. De intrekking heeft geen invloed op de gegevens die moeten worden verwerkt, gebruikt of verstrekt overeenkomstig (contractuele) betalingsverwerking niet.

De toepasselijke bepalingen inzake gegevensbescherming van PayPal kan worden opgehaald onder https://www.paypal.com/us/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-full.

21. Gegevensoverdracht van Repetier-Host
Repetier-Host alleen wordt aangesloten op de webservers van Hot-World GmbH & Co. KGom te controleren op updates of om reclame inhoud te downloaden. Als de betrokkene maakt gebruik van een op maat gemaakte gastheer versie van een derde partij, kan de gastheer te sluiten op een web server van een derde partij om te controleren op updates. In het programma zijn een aantal links naar webpagina's die in de standaard browser kan worden geopend door erop te klikken.

Repetier-Host kan communiceren met Repetier-Server gevallen, die kunnen draaien op andere computers, als ze expliciet waren verbonden. Repetier-Host kan data versturen en / of ontvangen naar / van Repetier-Server zoals G-codes, modellen, afbeeldingen, printer, informatie over alle opgeslagen modellen, ... om 3D printers controleren en opgeslagen gegevens te beheren.

Repetier-Host kan 3D-statusberichten op de te verzenden Repetier-Informer app, als de verbinding werd expliciet geconfigureerd.

22. Data-uitwisseling van Repetier-Server
Repetier-Server alleen wordt aangesloten op de webservers van Hot-World GmbH & Co. KGom te controleren op updates en een ingevoerde licentiesleutel te valideren. Als de betrokkene maakt gebruik van een aangepaste Repetier-Serverversie van een derde partij, kan de server aan te sluiten op een web server van een derde partij om te controleren op updates. In het programma zijn een aantal links naar webpagina's die in de standaard browser kan worden geopend door erop te klikken.

Repetier-Server kan communiceren met Repetier-Host gevallen, die kunnen draaien op andere computers, als ze expliciet waren verbonden. Repetier-Server kan data versturen en / of ontvangen naar / van Repetier-Host zoals G-codes, modellen, afbeeldingen, printer, informatie over alle opgeslagen modellen, ... om 3D printers controleren en opgeslagen gegevens te beheren.

Repetier-Server kan 3D-statusberichten op de te verzenden Repetier-Informer app, als de verbinding werd expliciet geconfigureerd.

Repetier-Serverwerkt als een webserver en kan worden benaderd door een recente webbrowser. Afhankelijk van de netwerkconfiguratie van de gebruiker, kan deze alleen intern of globaal zijn. Om deze reden raden we aan authenticatie van de gebruiker in te schakelen in Repetier-Server.

De betrokkene kan verbinden Repetier-Server naar de Repetier cloud services om volledige toegang tot aangesloten krijgen Repetier-Server instances van overal naar geautoriseerde gebruikers via https://my.repetier.com. Om deze functionaliteit mogelijk te maken, de Repetier cloud-diensten nodig zijn om extra gegevens op te slaan en kan ook server staten, beelden en proces gegevens die uit de cache Repetier-Server.

23. Rechtsgronden voor de verwerking
Kunst. 6 (1) lit. een GDPR dient als wettelijke basis voor de verwerking van verrichtingen waarvoor we toestemming voor een specifieke bewerking doel te verkrijgen. Als de verwerking van persoonsgegevens die noodzakelijk zijn voor de uitvoering van een overeenkomst waarbij de betrokkene partij is, zoals het geval is, bijvoorbeeld bij de verwerking van operaties zijn nodig voor de levering van goederen of een andere dienst, de verwerking gebaseerd op artikel 6 (1) lit. b GDPR. Hetzelfde geldt voor dergelijke bewerkingen die nodig zijn voor het uitvoeren van precontractuele maatregelen, bijvoorbeeld bij vragen over onze producten of diensten. Is ons bedrijf onderworpen aan een wettelijke verplichting, waardoor de verwerking van persoonsgegevens nodig is, zoals voor de vervulling van de fiscale verplichtingen, is de verwerking op basis van art. 6 (1) lit. c GDPR. In zeldzame gevallen, de verwerking van persoonsgegevens kan nodig zijn om de vitale belangen van de betrokkene of van een andere natuurlijke persoon te beschermen. Dit zou het geval zijn, bijvoorbeeld, als een bezoeker gewond geraakt in ons bedrijf en zijn naam, leeftijd, ziektekostenverzekering gegevens of andere belangrijke informatie zou moeten worden doorgegeven aan een dokter, ziekenhuis of een andere derde partij. Dan is de verwerking zou worden op basis van art. 6 (1) lit. d GDPR. Ten slotte kan verwerking worden gebaseerd op artikel 6 (1) lit. f GDPR. Deze wettelijke basis wordt gebruikt voor de verwerking van transacties die niet worden gedekt door één van de bovengenoemde juridische gronden, wanneer de verwerking noodzakelijk is voor de behartiging van het gerechtvaardigde belangen van ons bedrijf of door een derde partij nagestreefd is, uitgezonderd wanneer deze belangen moeten wijken voor het belang of de fundamentele rechten en vrijheden van de betrokkene die de bescherming van persoonsgegevens vereisen. Dergelijke verwerkingen bijzonder toelaatbaar omdat ze specifiek de Europese wetgever genoemd. Hij was van mening dat een legitiem belang zou kunnen worden aangenomen indien de betrokkene is een klant van de controller (overweging 47 Zin 2 GDPR).

24. De gerechtvaardigde belang van de verantwoordelijke of van een derde partij nagestreefd
Wanneer de verwerking van persoonsgegevens is gebaseerd op artikel 6 (1) lit. f GDPR ons rechtmatig belang is onze business uit te voeren ten behoeve van het welzijn van al onze medewerkers en de aandeelhouders.

25. Periode waarvoor de persoonsgegevens worden opgeslagen
Het wordt gebruikt om de opslagduur van persoonsgegevens bepalen criteria de desbetreffende wettelijke bewaarperiode. Na het verstrijken van deze periode wordt de overeenkomstige gegevens routinematig verwijderd, zolang het niet langer noodzakelijk voor de uitvoering van de overeenkomst of de inleiding van een contract.

26. Bepaling van persoonsgegevens zoals wettelijke of contractuele; Eis noodzakelijk een contract aan te gaan; Verplichting van de betrokkene om de persoonlijke gegevens te verstrekken; mogelijke gevolgen van het ontbreken van dergelijke gegevens te verstrekken
We verduidelijken dat de verstrekking van persoonsgegevens deels wettelijk verplicht is (bijvoorbeeld fiscale regelgeving) of kan ook het gevolg zijn van contractuele bepalingen (bijvoorbeeld informatie over de contractuele partner). Soms kan het nodig zijn om een ​​contract dat de betrokkene geeft ons persoonlijke gegevens, die vervolgens door ons verwerkt moet worden te sluiten. De betrokkene is bijvoorbeeld verplicht om ons te voorzien van persoonsgegevens bij ons bedrijf tekent een contract met hem of haar. Het niet-verstrekken van de persoonsgegevens zou tot gevolg hebben dat het contract met de betrokkene niet kon worden afgerond te hebben. Voordat persoonsgegevens worden verstrekt door de betrokkene, moet de betrokkene contact opnemen met onze Data Protection Officer.

27. Het bestaan ​​van geautomatiseerde besluitvorming
Als maatschappelijk verantwoordelijke onderneming, hebben we geen automatische besluitvorming of profilering gebruiken.

Dit privacybeleid is gegenereerd door de Privacy Policy Generator van de External Data Protection Officer (https://dg-datenschutz.de/services/external-data-protection-officer/?lang=en) van DGD Deutsche Gesellschaft für Datenschutz GmbH, Die is ontwikkeld in samenwerking met WILDE BEUGER SOLMECKE | Lawyers (https://www.wbs-law.de/) en de used hardware dealer RC GmbH (http://remarketing.company/). De gegenereerde privacybeleid is gewijzigd en uitgebreid door Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG.