Obowiązuje następująca polityka prywatności w języku angielskim. Aby ułatwić orientację, dodaliśmy również niezaznaczone tłumaczenie z Tłumacza Google.

We are very delighted that you have shown interest in our enterprise. Data protection is of a particularly high priority for the management of the Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG. The use of the Repetier software (Repetier-Host, Repetier-Server, Repetier-Informer) and Repetier websites (https://www.repetier.com, http://www.repetier-server.com, https://my.repetier.com, https://forum.repetier.com, http://www.repetier-apps.com, ...) managed by Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG are possible without any indication of personal data; however, if a data subject wants to use special enterprise services via our software, app or website, processing of personal data could become necessary. If the processing of personal data is necessary and there is no statutory basis for such processing, we generally obtain consent from the data subject.

The processing of personal data, such as the name, address, e-mail address, device ID or telephone number of a data subject shall always be in line with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), and in accordance with the country-specific data protection regulations applicable to the Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG. By means of this data protection declaration, our enterprise would like to inform the general public of the nature, scope, and purpose of the personal data we collect, use and process. Furthermore, data subjects are informed, by means of this data protection declaration, of the rights to which they are entitled.

As the controller, the Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG has implemented numerous technical and organizational measures to ensure the most complete protection of personal data processed through the Repetier software, apps and websites, which are stored on dedicated web servers operated by Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG. However, Internet-based data transmissions may in principle have security gaps, so absolute protection may not be guaranteed.

1. Definitions
The data protection declaration of the Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG is based on the terms used by the European legislator for the adoption of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). Our data protection declaration should be legible and understandable for the general public, as well as our customers and business partners. To ensure this, we would like to first explain the terminology used.

In this data protection declaration, we use, inter alia, the following terms:

a) Personal data
Personal data means any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person (“data subject”). An identifiable natural person is one who can be identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier or to one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity of that natural person.

b) Data subject
Data subject is any identified or identifiable natural person, whose personal data is processed by the controller responsible for the processing.

c) Processing
Processing is any operation or set of operations which is performed on personal data or on sets of personal data, whether or not by automated means, such as collection, recording, organisation, structuring, storage, adaptation or alteration, retrieval, consultation, use, disclosure by transmission, dissemination or otherwise making available, alignment or combination, restriction, erasure or destruction.

d) Restriction of processing
Restriction of processing is the marking of stored personal data with the aim of limiting their processing in the future.

e) Profiling
Profiling means any form of automated processing of personal data consisting of the use of personal data to evaluate certain personal aspects relating to a natural person, in particular to analyse or predict aspects concerning that natural person's performance at work, economic situation, health, personal preferences, interests, reliability, behaviour, location or movements.

f) Pseudonymisation
Pseudonymisation is the processing of personal data in such a manner that the personal data can no longer be attributed to a specific data subject without the use of additional information, provided that such additional information is kept separately and is subject to technical and organisational measures to ensure that the personal data are not attributed to an identified or identifiable natural person.

g) Controller or controller responsible for the processing
Controller or controller responsible for the processing is the natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which, alone or jointly with others, determines the purposes and means of the processing of personal data; where the purposes and means of such processing are determined by Union or Member State law, the controller or the specific criteria for its nomination may be provided for by Union or Member State law.

h) Processor
Processor is a natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which processes personal data on behalf of the controller.

i) Recipient
Recipient is a natural or legal person, public authority, agency or another body, to which the personal data are disclosed, whether a third party or not. However, public authorities which may receive personal data in the framework of a particular inquiry in accordance with Union or Member State law shall not be regarded as recipients; the processing of those data by those public authorities shall be in compliance with the applicable data protection rules according to the purposes of the processing.

j) Third party
Third party is a natural or legal person, public authority, agency or body other than the data subject, controller, processor and persons who, under the direct authority of the controller or processor, are authorised to process personal data.

k) Consent
Consent of the data subject is any freely given, specific, informed and unambiguous indication of the data subject's wishes by which he or she, by a statement or by a clear affirmative action, signifies agreement to the processing of personal data relating to him or her.

2. Name and Address of the controller
Controller for the purposes of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), other data protection laws applicable in Member states of the European Union and other provisions related to data protection is:

Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG

Knickelsdorf 42

47877 Willich

Germany

Phone: +49 (0)2154 – 60 65 18

Email: info@repetier.com

Websites: https://www.repetier.com, http://www.repetier-server.com, https://my.repetier.com, https://forum.repetier.com, http://www.repetier-apps.com, ...

3. Name and Address of the Data Protection Officer
The Data Protection Officer of the controller is:

Marcus Littwin
Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG

Knickelsdorf 42

47877 Willich

Germany

Phone: +49 (0)2154 – 60 65 18

Email: info@repetier.com

Websites: https://www.repetier.com, http://www.repetier-server.com, https://my.repetier.com, https://forum.repetier.com, http://www.repetier-apps.com, ...

Any data subject may, at any time, contact our Data Protection Officer directly with all questions and suggestions concerning data protection.

4. Cookies
The Internet pages of the Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG use cookies. Cookies are text files that are stored in a computer system via an Internet browser.

Many Internet sites and servers use cookies. Many cookies contain a so-called cookie ID. A cookie ID is a unique identifier of the cookie. It consists of a character string through which internet pages and servers can be assigned to the specific Internet browser in which the cookie was stored. This allows visited Internet sites and servers to differentiate the individual browser of the dats subject from other Internet browsers that contain other cookies. A specific internet browser can be recognized and identified using the unique cookie ID.

Through the use of cookies, the Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG can provide the users of this website with more user-friendly services that would not be possible without the cookie setting.

By means of a cookie, the information and offers on our website can be optimized with the user in mind. Cookies allow us, as previously mentioned, to recognize our website users. The purpose of this recognition is to make it easier for users to utilize our website. The website user that uses cookies, e.g. does not have to enter access data each time the website is accessed, because this is taken over by the website, and the cookie is thus stored on the user's computer system. Another example is the cookie of a shopping cart in an online shop. The online store remembers the articles that a customer has placed in the virtual shopping cart via a cookie.

The data subject may, at any time, prevent the setting of cookies through our website by means of a corresponding setting of the internet browser used, and may thus permanently deny the setting of cookies. Furthermore, already set cookies may be deleted at any time via an internet browser or other software programs. This is possible in all popular Internet browsers. If the data subject deactivates the setting of cookies in the Internet browser used, not all functions of our website may be entirely usable.

5. Collection of general data and information
The websites and the Repetier API (Application Programming Interface) of the Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG collects a series of general data and information when a data subject or automated system calls up the website or API. This general data and information are stored in the server log files. Collected may be (1) the browser types and versions used, (2) the operating system used by the accessing system, (3) the website from which an accessing system reaches our website (so-called referrers), (4) the sub-websites, (5) the date and time of access to the Internet site, (6) an Internet protocol address (IP address), (7) the Internet service provider of the accessing system, and (8) any other similar data and information that may be used in the event of attacks on our information technology systems.

When using these general data and information, the Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG does not draw any conclusions about the data subject. Rather, this information is needed to (1) deliver the content of our website correctly, (2) optimize the content of our website as well as its advertisement, (3) ensure the long-term viability of our information technology systems and website technology, and (4) provide law enforcement authorities with the information necessary for criminal prosecution in case of a cyber-attack. Therefore, the Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG analyzes anonymously collected data and information statistically, with the aim of increasing the data protection and data security of our enterprise, and to ensure an optimal level of protection for the personal data we process. The anonymous data of the server log files are stored separately from all personal data provided by a data subject.

6. Registration on our website
The data subject has the possibility to register on the websites of the controller with the indication of personal data. Which personal data are transmitted to the controller is determined by the respective input mask used for the registration. The personal data entered by the data subject are collected and stored exclusively for internal use by the controller, and for his own purposes. The controller may request transfer to one or more processors (e.g. a Apple or Google push message service) that also uses personal data for an internal purpose which is attributable to the controller. The controller will send an automatic confirmation e-mail to check the double opt-in procedure as to whether the owner of the specified e-mail address decided in favor of this option.

By registering on the website of the controller, the IP address—assigned by the Internet service provider (ISP) and used by the data subject—date, and time of the registration are also stored. The storage of this data takes place against the background that this is the only way to prevent the misuse of our services, and, if necessary, to make it possible to investigate committed offenses. Insofar, the storage of this data is necessary to secure the controller. This data is not passed on to third parties unless there is a statutory obligation to pass on the data, or if the transfer serves the aim of criminal prosecution.

The registration of the data subject, with the voluntary indication of personal data, is intended to enable the controller to offer the data subject contents or services that may only be offered to registered users due to the nature of the matter in question. Registered persons are free to change the personal data specified during the registration at any time, or to have them completely deleted from the data stock of the controller.

The data controller shall, at any time, provide information upon request to each data subject as to what personal data are stored about the data subject. In addition, the data controller shall correct or erase personal data at the request or indication of the data subject, insofar as there are no statutory storage obligations. A Data Protection Officer particularly designated in this data protection declaration, as well as the entirety of the controller’s employees are available to the data subject in this respect as contact persons.

7. Contact possibility via the website
The website of the Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG contains information that enables a quick electronic contact to our enterprise, as well as direct communication with us, which also includes a general address of the so-called electronic mail (e-mail address). If a data subject contacts the controller by e-mail or via a contact form, the personal data transmitted by the data subject are automatically stored. Such personal data transmitted on a voluntary basis by a data subject to the data controller are stored for the purpose of processing or contacting the data subject. There is no transfer of this personal data to third parties.

8. Comments function in the forum on the website
The Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG offers users the possibility to leave individual comments on individual forum contributions on a forum, which is on the website of the controller. A forum is a web-based, publicly-accessible portal, through which one or more people may post articles or write down thoughts in so-called forum posts. Forum posts may usually be commented by third parties.

If a data subject leaves a comment on the forum published on this website, the comments made by the data subject are also stored and published, as well as information on the date of the commentary and on the user's (pseudonym) chosen by the data subject. In addition, the IP address assigned by the Internet service provider (ISP) to the data subject is also logged. This storage of the IP address takes place for security reasons, and in case the data subject violates the rights of third parties, or posts illegal content through a given comment. The storage of these personal data is, therefore, in the own interest of the data controller, so that he can exculpate in the event of an infringement. This collected personal data will not be passed to third parties, unless such a transfer is required by law or serves the aim of the defense of the data controller.

9. Subscription to comments in the forum on the website
The comments made in the forum of the Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG may be subscribed to by third parties. In particular, there is the possibility that a commenter subscribes to the comments following his comments on a particular forum post.

The option to subscribe to comments may be terminated at any time.

10. Routine erasure and blocking of personal data
The data controller shall process and store the personal data of the data subject only for the period necessary to achieve the purpose of storage, or as far as this is granted by the European legislator or other legislators in laws or regulations to which the controller is subject to.

If the storage purpose is not applicable, or if a storage period prescribed by the European legislator or another competent legislator expires, the personal data are routinely blocked or erased in accordance with legal requirements.

11. Rights of the data subject
a) Right of confirmation
Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator to obtain from the controller the confirmation as to whether or not personal data concerning him or her are being processed. If a data subject wishes to avail himself of this right of confirmation, he or she may, at any time, contact our Data Protection Officer or another employee of the controller.

b) Right of access
Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator to obtain from the controller free information about his or her personal data stored at any time and a copy of this information. Furthermore, the European directives and regulations grant the data subject access to the following information:

the purposes of the processing;
the categories of personal data concerned;
the recipients or categories of recipients to whom the personal data have been or will be disclosed, in particular recipients in third countries or international organisations;
where possible, the envisaged period for which the personal data will be stored, or, if not possible, the criteria used to determine that period;
the existence of the right to request from the controller rectification or erasure of personal data, or restriction of processing of personal data concerning the data subject, or to object to such processing;
the existence of the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority;
where the personal data are not collected from the data subject, any available information as to their source;
the existence of automated decision-making, including profiling, referred to in Article 22(1) and (4) of the GDPR and, at least in those cases, meaningful information about the logic involved, as well as the significance and envisaged consequences of such processing for the data subject.
Furthermore, the data subject shall have a right to obtain information as to whether personal data are transferred to a third country or to an international organisation. Where this is the case, the data subject shall have the right to be informed of the appropriate safeguards relating to the transfer.

If a data subject wishes to avail himself of this right of access, he or she may at any time contact our Data Protection Officer or another employee of the controller.

c) Right to rectification
Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator to obtain from the controller without undue delay the rectification of inaccurate personal data concerning him or her. Taking into account the purposes of the processing, the data subject shall have the right to have incomplete personal data completed, including by means of providing a supplementary statement.

If a data subject wishes to exercise this right to rectification, he or she may, at any time, contact our Data Protection Officer or another employee of the controller.

d) Right to erasure (Right to be forgotten)
Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator to obtain from the controller the erasure of personal data concerning him or her without undue delay, and the controller shall have the obligation to erase personal data without undue delay where one of the following grounds applies, as long as the processing is not necessary:

The personal data are no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which they were collected or otherwise processed.
The data subject withdraws consent to which the processing is based according to point (a) of Article 6(1) of the GDPR, or point (a) of Article 9(2) of the GDPR, and where there is no other legal ground for the processing.
The data subject objects to the processing pursuant to Article 21(1) of the GDPR and there are no overriding legitimate grounds for the processing, or the data subject objects to the processing pursuant to Article 21(2) of the GDPR.
The personal data have been unlawfully processed.
The personal data must be erased for compliance with a legal obligation in Union or Member State law to which the controller is subject.
The personal data have been collected in relation to the offer of information society services referred to in Article 8(1) of the GDPR.
If one of the aforementioned reasons applies, and a data subject wishes to request the erasure of personal data stored by the Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG, he or she may at any time contact our Data Protection Officer or another employee of the controller. The Data Protection Officer of the Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG or another employee shall promptly ensure that the erasure request is complied with immediately.

Where the controller has made personal data public and is obliged pursuant to Article 17(1) to erase the personal data, the controller, taking account of available technology and the cost of implementation, shall take reasonable steps, including technical measures, to inform other controllers processing the personal data that the data subject has requested erasure by such controllers of any links to, or copy or replication of, those personal data, as far as processing is not required. The Data Protection Officer of the Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG or another employee will arrange the necessary measures in individual cases.

e) Right of restriction of processing
Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator to obtain from the controller restriction of processing where one of the following applies:

The accuracy of the personal data is contested by the data subject, for a period enabling the controller to verify the accuracy of the personal data.
The processing is unlawful and the data subject opposes the erasure of the personal data and requests instead the restriction of their use instead.
The controller no longer needs the personal data for the purposes of the processing, but they are required by the data subject for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.
The data subject has objected to processing pursuant to Article 21(1) of the GDPR pending the verification whether the legitimate grounds of the controller override those of the data subject.
If one of the aforementioned conditions is met, and a data subject wishes to request the restriction of the processing of personal data stored by the Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG, he or she may at any time contact our Data Protection Officer or another employee of the controller. The Data Protection Officer of the Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG or another employee will arrange the restriction of the processing.

f) Right to data portability
Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator, to receive the personal data concerning him or her, which was provided to a controller, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format. He or she shall have the right to transmit those data to another controller without hindrance from the controller to which the personal data have been provided, as long as the processing is based on consent pursuant to point (a) of Article 6(1) of the GDPR or point (a) of Article 9(2) of the GDPR, or on a contract pursuant to point (b) of Article 6(1) of the GDPR, and the processing is carried out by automated means, as long as the processing is not necessary for the performance of a task carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in the controller.

Furthermore, in exercising his or her right to data portability pursuant to Article 20(1) of the GDPR, the data subject shall have the right to have personal data transmitted directly from one controller to another, where technically feasible and when doing so does not adversely affect the rights and freedoms of others.

In order to assert the right to data portability, the data subject may at any time contact the Data Protection Officer designated by the Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG or another employee.

g) Right to object
Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator to object, on grounds relating to his or her particular situation, at any time, to processing of personal data concerning him or her, which is based on point (e) or (f) of Article 6(1) of the GDPR. This also applies to profiling based on these provisions.

The Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG shall no longer process the personal data in the event of the objection, unless we can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for the processing which override the interests, rights and freedoms of the data subject, or for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.

If the Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG processes personal data for direct marketing purposes, the data subject shall have the right to object at any time to processing of personal data concerning him or her for such marketing. This applies to profiling to the extent that it is related to such direct marketing. If the data subject objects to the Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG to the processing for direct marketing purposes, the Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG will no longer process the personal data for these purposes.

In addition, the data subject has the right, on grounds relating to his or her particular situation, to object to processing of personal data concerning him or her by the Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG for scientific or historical research purposes, or for statistical purposes pursuant to Article 89(1) of the GDPR, unless the processing is necessary for the performance of a task carried out for reasons of public interest.

In order to exercise the right to object, the data subject may directly contact the Data Protection Officer of the Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG or another employee. In addition, the data subject is free in the context of the use of information society services, and notwithstanding Directive 2002/58/EC, to use his or her right to object by automated means using technical specifications.

h) Automated individual decision-making, including profiling
Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator not to be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing, including profiling, which produces legal effects concerning him or her, or similarly significantly affects him or her, as long as the decision (1) is not is necessary for entering into, or the performance of, a contract between the data subject and a data controller, or (2) is not authorised by Union or Member State law to which the controller is subject and which also lays down suitable measures to safeguard the data subject's rights and freedoms and legitimate interests, or (3) is not based on the data subject's explicit consent.

If the decision (1) is necessary for entering into, or the performance of, a contract between the data subject and a data controller, or (2) it is based on the data subject's explicit consent, the Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG shall implement suitable measures to safeguard the data subject's rights and freedoms and legitimate interests, at least the right to obtain human intervention on the part of the controller, to express his or her point of view and contest the decision.

If the data subject wishes to exercise the rights concerning automated individual decision-making, he or she may at any time directly contact our Data Protection Officer of the Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG or another employee of the controller.

i) Right to withdraw data protection consent
Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator to withdraw his or her consent to processing of his or her personal data at any time.

f the data subject wishes to exercise the right to withdraw the consent, he or she may at any time directly contact our Data Protection Officer of the Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG or another employee of the controller.

12. Data protection for applications and the application procedures
The data controller shall collect and process the personal data of applicants for the purpose of the processing of the application procedure. The processing may also be carried out electronically. This is the case, in particular, if an applicant submits corresponding application documents by e-mail or by means of a web form on the website to the controller. If the data controller concludes an employment contract with an applicant, the submitted data will be stored for the purpose of processing the employment relationship in compliance with legal requirements. If no employment contract is concluded with the applicant by the controller, the application documents shall be automatically erased two months after notification of the refusal decision, provided that no other legitimate interests of the controller are opposed to the erasure. Other legitimate interest in this relation is, e.g. a burden of proof in a procedure under the General Equal Treatment Act (AGG).

13. Data protection provisions about the application and use of Facebook
On this website, the controller has integrated components of the enterprise Facebook. Facebook is a social network.

A social network is a place for social meetings on the Internet, an online community, which usually allows users to communicate with each other and interact in a virtual space. A social network may serve as a platform for the exchange of opinions and experiences, or enable the Internet community to provide personal or business-related information. Facebook allows social network users to include the creation of private profiles, upload photos, and network through friend requests.

The operating company of Facebook is Facebook, Inc., 1 Hacker Way, Menlo Park, CA 94025, United States. If a person lives outside of the United States or Canada, the controller is the Facebook Ireland Ltd., 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour, Dublin 2, Ireland.

With each call-up to one of the individual pages of this Internet website, which is operated by the controller and into which a Facebook component (Facebook plug-ins) was integrated, the web browser on the information technology system of the data subject is automatically prompted to download display of the corresponding Facebook component from Facebook through the Facebook component. An overview of all the Facebook Plug-ins may be accessed under https://developers.facebook.com/docs/plugins/. During the course of this technical procedure, Facebook is made aware of what specific sub-site of our website was visited by the data subject.

If the data subject is logged in at the same time on Facebook, Facebook detects with every call-up to our website by the data subject—and for the entire duration of their stay on our Internet site—which specific sub-site of our Internet page was visited by the data subject. This information is collected through the Facebook component and associated with the respective Facebook account of the data subject. If the data subject clicks on one of the Facebook buttons integrated into our website, e.g. the "Like" button, or if the data subject submits a comment, then Facebook matches this information with the personal Facebook user account of the data subject and stores the personal data.

Facebook always receives, through the Facebook component, information about a visit to our website by the data subject, whenever the data subject is logged in at the same time on Facebook during the time of the call-up to our website. This occurs regardless of whether the data subject clicks on the Facebook component or not. If such a transmission of information to Facebook is not desirable for the data subject, then he or she may prevent this by logging off from their Facebook account before a call-up to our website is made.

The data protection guideline published by Facebook, which is available at https://facebook.com/about/privacy/, provides information about the collection, processing and use of personal data by Facebook. In addition, it is explained there what setting options Facebook offers to protect the privacy of the data subject. In addition, different configuration options are made available to allow the elimination of data transmission to Facebook. These applications may be used by the data subject to eliminate a data transmission to Facebook.

14. Data protection provisions about the application and use of Matomo
On this website, the controller has integrated the Matomo component. Matomo is an open-source software tool for web analysis. Web analysis is the collection, gathering and evaluation of data on the behavior of visitors from Internet sites. A web analysis tool collects, inter alia, data on the website from which a data subject came to a website (so-called referrer), which pages of the website were accessed or how often and for which period of time a sub-page was viewed. A web analysis is mainly used for the optimization of a website and the cost-benefit analysis of Internet advertising.

The software is operated on the server of the controller, the data protection-sensitive log files are stored exclusively on this server.

The purpose of the Matomo component is the analysis of the visitor flows on our website. The controller uses the obtained data and information, inter alia, to evaluate the use of this website in order to compile online reports, which show the activities on our Internet pages.

Matomo sets a cookie on the information technology system of the data subject. The definition of cookies is explained above. With the setting of the cookie, an analysis of the use of our website is enabled. With each call-up to one of the individual pages of this website, the Internet browser on the information technology system of the data subject is automatically through the Matomo component prompted to submit data for the purpose of online analysis to our server. During the course of this technical procedure, we obtain knowledge about personal information, such as the IP address of the data subject, which serves to understand the origin of visitors and clicks. Matomo uses only anonymous IP data. Matomo stores in the database each new visitor IP address (ipv4 or ipv6 format) with the last components removed to protect user’s privacy.

The cookie is used to store personal information, such as the access time, the location from which access was made, and the frequency of visits to our website. With each visit of our Internet pages, these personal data, including the IP address of the Internet access used by the data subject, are transferred to our server. These personal data will be stored by us with IP anonymisation. We do not forward this personal data to third parties.

The data subject may, as stated above, prevent the setting of cookies through our website at any time by means of a corresponding adjustment of the web browser used and thus permanently deny the setting of cookies. Such an adjustment to the used Internet browser would also prevent Matomo from setting a cookie on the information technology system of the data subject. In addition, cookies already in use by Matomo may be deleted at any time via a web browser or other software programs.

In addition, the data subject has the possibility of objecting to a collection of data relating to a use of this Internet site that are generated by Matomo as well as the processing of these data by Matomo and the chance to preclude any such. For this, the data subject must set an opt-out cookie:

The opt-out cookie that is set for this purpose is placed on the information technology system used by the data subject. If the cookies are deleted on the system of the data subject, then the data subject must call-up the link again and set a new opt-out cookie.

With each setting of the opt-out cookie, however, there is the possibility that the websites of the controller are no longer fully usable for the data subject.

Further information and the applicable data protection provisions of Matomo may be retrieved under https://matomo.org/privacy/.

15. Data protection provisions about the application and use of Twitter
On this website, the controller has integrated components of Twitter. Twitter is a multilingual, publicly-accessible microblogging service on which users may publish and spread so-called ‘tweets,’ e.g. short messages, which are limited to 140 characters. These short messages are available for everyone, including those who are not logged on to Twitter. The tweets are also displayed to so-called followers of the respective user. Followers are other Twitter users who follow a user's tweets. Furthermore, Twitter allows you to address a wide audience via hashtags, links or retweets.

The operating company of Twitter is Twitter, Inc., 1355 Market Street, Suite 900, San Francisco, CA 94103, UNITED STATES.

With each call-up to one of the individual pages of this Internet site, which is operated by the controller and on which a Twitter component (Twitter button) was integrated, the Internet browser on the information technology system of the data subject is automatically prompted to download a display of the corresponding Twitter component of Twitter. Further information about the Twitter buttons is available under https://about.twitter.com/de/resources/buttons. During the course of this technical procedure, Twitter gains knowledge of what specific sub-page of our website was visited by the data subject. The purpose of the integration of the Twitter component is a retransmission of the contents of this website to allow our users to introduce this web page to the digital world and increase our visitor numbers.

If the data subject is logged in at the same time on Twitter, Twitter detects with every call-up to our website by the data subject and for the entire duration of their stay on our Internet site which specific sub-page of our Internet page was visited by the data subject. This information is collected through the Twitter component and associated with the respective Twitter account of the data subject. If the data subject clicks on one of the Twitter buttons integrated on our website, then Twitter assigns this information to the personal Twitter user account of the data subject and stores the personal data.

Twitter receives information via the Twitter component that the data subject has visited our website, provided that the data subject is logged in on Twitter at the time of the call-up to our website. This occurs regardless of whether the person clicks on the Twitter component or not. If such a transmission of information to Twitter is not desirable for the data subject, then he or she may prevent this by logging off from their Twitter account before a call-up to our website is made.

The applicable data protection provisions of Twitter may be accessed under https://twitter.com/privacy?lang=en.

16. Data protection provisions about the application and use of YouTube
On this website, the controller has integrated components of YouTube. YouTube is an Internet video portal that enables video publishers to set video clips and other users free of charge, which also provides free viewing, review and commenting on them. YouTube allows you to publish all kinds of videos, so you can access both full movies and TV broadcasts, as well as music videos, trailers, and videos made by users via the Internet portal.

The operating company of YouTube is YouTube, LLC, 901 Cherry Ave., San Bruno, CA 94066, UNITED STATES. The YouTube, LLC is a subsidiary of Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Pkwy, Mountain View, CA 94043-1351, UNITED STATES.

With each call-up to one of the individual pages of this Internet site, which is operated by the controller and on which a YouTube component (YouTube video) was integrated, the Internet browser on the information technology system of the data subject is automatically prompted to download a display of the corresponding YouTube component. Further information about YouTube may be obtained under https://www.youtube.com/intl/en/yt/about/. During the course of this technical procedure, YouTube and Google gain knowledge of what specific sub-page of our website was visited by the data subject.

If the data subject is logged in on YouTube, YouTube recognizes with each call-up to a sub-page that contains a YouTube video, which specific sub-page of our Internet site was visited by the data subject. This information is collected by YouTube and Google and assigned to the respective YouTube account of the data subject.

YouTube and Google will receive information through the YouTube component that the data subject has visited our website, if the data subject at the time of the call to our website is logged in on YouTube; this occurs regardless of whether the person clicks on a YouTube video or not. If such a transmission of this information to YouTube and Google is not desirable for the data subject, the delivery may be prevented if the data subject logs off from their own YouTube account before a call-up to our website is made.

YouTube's data protection provisions, available at https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/, provide information about the collection, processing and use of personal data by YouTube and Google.

17. Data protection provisions about the application and use of Google Cloud Messaging (CGM)
In the android Repetier-Informer app, the controller has integrated components of Google. The android Repetier-Informer app uses Google Cloud Messaging (GCM) to provide information to mobile end devices, which can then use it in the Repetier-Informer app.

The operating company of Google is Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Pkwy, Mountain View, CA 94043-1351, UNITED STATES.

When setting up the Repetier-Informer app, an existing group with corresponding group ID is entered or a new group is created. Here we receive from Google the device ID to which we can send push messages.

With each message we transmit the message text and if specified a link via GCM to a specific Google device ID, so that the Repetier-Informer app receives this data.

Google's data protection provisions, available at https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/, provide information about the collection, processing and use of personal data by Google.

18. Data protection provisions about the application and use of Apple Push Notification service (APNs)
In the iOS Repetier-Informer app, the controller has integrated components of Apple. The iOS Repetier-Informer app uses Apple Push Notification service (APNs) to provide information to mobile end devices, which can then use it in the Repetier-Informer app.

The operating company of Apple is Apple, 1 Infinite Loop, Cupertino, CA 95014, UNITED STATES.

When setting up the Repetier-Informer app, an existing group with corresponding group ID is entered or a new group is created. Here we receive from Apple the device ID to which we can send push messages.

With each message we transmit the message text and if specified a link via APNs to a specific Apple device ID, so that the Repetier-Informer app receives this data.

Apple’s data protection provisions, available at https://www.apple.com/privacy/, provide information about the collection, processing and use of personal data by Apple.

19. Stop receiving push messages from Repetier-Informer
The only aim of the Repetier-Informer app is that the programs like Repetier-Server and Repetier-Host, both developed by Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG, send status messages of your 3d printer via push message to your smartphones and / or tablets.

If you do not want to receive push messages on your smartphone or tablet, you can delete the assigned groups in the app settings, you can uninstall the app or you can deactivate push messages in Repetier-Host and / or Repetier-Server.

20. Payment Method: Data protection provisions about the use of PayPal as a payment processor
On this website, the controller has integrated components of PayPal. PayPal is an online payment service provider. Payments are processed via so-called PayPal accounts, which represent virtual private or business accounts. PayPal is also able to process virtual payments through credit cards when a user does not have a PayPal account. A PayPal account is managed via an e-mail address, which is why there are no classic account numbers. PayPal makes it possible to trigger online payments to third parties or to receive payments. PayPal also accepts trustee functions and offers buyer protection services.

The European operating company of PayPal is PayPal (Europe) S.à.r.l. & Cie. S.C.A., 22-24 Boulevard Royal, 2449 Luxembourg, Luxembourg.

If the data subject chooses "PayPal" as the payment option in the online shop during the ordering process, we automatically transmit the data of the data subject to PayPal. By selecting this payment option, the data subject agrees to the transfer of personal data required for payment processing.

The personal data transmitted to PayPal is usually first name, last name, address, email address, IP address, telephone number, mobile phone number, or other data necessary for payment processing. The processing of the purchase contract also requires such personal data, which are in connection with the respective order.

The transmission of the data is aimed at payment processing and fraud prevention. The controller will transfer personal data to PayPal, in particular, if a legitimate interest in the transmission is given. The personal data exchanged between PayPal and the controller for the processing of the data will be transmitted by PayPal to economic credit agencies. This transmission is intended for identity and creditworthiness checks.

PayPal will, if necessary, pass on personal data to affiliates and service providers or subcontractors to the extent that this is necessary to fulfill contractual obligations or for data to be processed in the order.

The data subject has the possibility to revoke consent for the handling of personal data at any time from PayPal. A revocation shall not have any effect on personal data which must be processed, used or transmitted in accordance with (contractual) payment processing.

The applicable data protection provisions of PayPal may be retrieved under https://www.paypal.com/us/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-full.

21. Data transmission of Repetier-Host
Repetier-Host only connects to the web servers of Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG to check for updates or to download advertising contents. If the data subject uses a customized host version of a third party, the host may connect to a web server of a third party to check for updates. In the program are some links to web pages which can be opened in the standard browser by clicking on them.

Repetier-Host can communicate with Repetier-Server instances, that may run on other computers, if they were explicitly connected. Repetier-Host can send and / or receive data to / from Repetier-Server like g-codes, models, images, printer information, information about all stored models, … to control 3d printers and manage stored data.

Repetier-Host can send 3d status messages to the Repetier-Informer app, if the connection was explicitly configured.

22. Data transmission of Repetier-Server
Repetier-Server only connects to the web servers of Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG to check for updates and to validate an entered license key. If the data subject uses a customized Repetier-Server version of a third party, the server may connect to a web server of a third party to check for updates. In the program are some links to web pages which can be opened in the standard browser by clicking on them.

Repetier-Server can communicate with Repetier-Host instances, that may run on other computers, if they were explicitly connected. Repetier-Server can send and / or receive data to / from Repetier-Host like g-codes, models, images, printer information, information about all stored models, … to control 3d printers and manage stored data.

Repetier-Server can send 3d status messages to the Repetier-Informer app, if the connection was explicitly configured.

Repetier-Server works like a web server and can be accessed by any recent web browser. Depending on the user’s network configuration, this can be internal only or globally. For this reason we highly recommend to enable user authentication in Repetier-Server.

The data subject can connect Repetier-Server to the Repetier cloud services to get full access to connected Repetier-Server instances from everywhere to authorized users via https://my.repetier.com. To allow this functionality, the Repetier cloud services need to store additional data and also may cache server states, images and process data sent from the Repetier-Server.

23. Legal basis for the processing
Art. 6(1) lit. a GDPR serves as the legal basis for processing operations for which we obtain consent for a specific processing purpose. If the processing of personal data is necessary for the performance of a contract to which the data subject is party, as is the case, for example, when processing operations are necessary for the supply of goods or to provide any other service, the processing is based on Article 6(1) lit. b GDPR. The same applies to such processing operations which are necessary for carrying out pre-contractual measures, for example in the case of inquiries concerning our products or services. Is our company subject to a legal obligation by which processing of personal data is required, such as for the fulfillment of tax obligations, the processing is based on Art. 6(1) lit. c GDPR. In rare cases, the processing of personal data may be necessary to protect the vital interests of the data subject or of another natural person. This would be the case, for example, if a visitor were injured in our company and his name, age, health insurance data or other vital information would have to be passed on to a doctor, hospital or other third party. Then the processing would be based on Art. 6(1) lit. d GDPR. Finally, processing operations could be based on Article 6(1) lit. f GDPR. This legal basis is used for processing operations which are not covered by any of the abovementioned legal grounds, if processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by our company or by a third party, except where such interests are overridden by the interests or fundamental rights and freedoms of the data subject which require protection of personal data. Such processing operations are particularly permissible because they have been specifically mentioned by the European legislator. He considered that a legitimate interest could be assumed if the data subject is a client of the controller (Recital 47 Sentence 2 GDPR).

24. The legitimate interests pursued by the controller or by a third party
Where the processing of personal data is based on Article 6(1) lit. f GDPR our legitimate interest is to carry out our business in favor of the well-being of all our employees and the shareholders.

25. Period for which the personal data will be stored
The criteria used to determine the period of storage of personal data is the respective statutory retention period. After expiration of that period, the corresponding data is routinely deleted, as long as it is no longer necessary for the fulfillment of the contract or the initiation of a contract.

26. Provision of personal data as statutory or contractual requirement; Requirement necessary to enter into a contract; Obligation of the data subject to provide the personal data; possible consequences of failure to provide such data
We clarify that the provision of personal data is partly required by law (e.g. tax regulations) or can also result from contractual provisions (e.g. information on the contractual partner). Sometimes it may be necessary to conclude a contract that the data subject provides us with personal data, which must subsequently be processed by us. The data subject is, for example, obliged to provide us with personal data when our company signs a contract with him or her. The non-provision of the personal data would have the consequence that the contract with the data subject could not be concluded. Before personal data is provided by the data subject, the data subject must contact our Data Protection Officer. Our Data Protection Officer clarifies to the data subject whether the provision of the personal data is required by law or contract or is necessary for the conclusion of the contract, whether there is an obligation to provide the personal data and the consequences of non-provision of the personal data.

27. Existence of automated decision-making
As a responsible company, we do not use automatic decision-making or profiling.

This Privacy Policy has been generated by the Privacy Policy Generator of the External Data Protection Officer (https://dg-datenschutz.de/services/external-data-protection-officer/?lang=en) from DGD Deutsche Gesellschaft für Datenschutz GmbH, which has been developed in cooperation with WILDE BEUGER SOLMECKE | Lawyers (https://www.wbs-law.de/) and the used hardware dealer RC GmbH (http://remarketing.company/). The generated privacy policy has been changed and extended by Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG.

Oto niezmodyfikowane tłumaczenie przez Google Translate:

Jesteśmy bardzo zadowoleni, że wykazały zainteresowanie naszym przedsiębiorstwie. Ochrona danych jest szczególnie wysoki priorytet dla zarządzania Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG, Stosowanie z Repetier oprogramowanie ( Repetier-Host, Repetier-Server, Repetier-Informer) i Repetier strony internetowe (https://www.repetier.com, http://www.repetier-server.com, https://my.repetier.com, https://forum.repetier.com, http://www.repetier-apps.com, ...) zarządzany przez Hot-World GmbH & Co. KGMożliwe są bez wskazania danych osobowych; Jednakże, jeżeli osoba, której dane chce korzystać ze specjalnych usług dla przedsiębiorstw poprzez naszego oprogramowania, aplikacji lub strony internetowej, przetwarzanie danych osobowych może stać się konieczne. Jeżeli przetwarzanie danych osobowych jest konieczne i nie ma podstawy prawne dla takiego przetwarzania, na ogół uzyskanie zgody podmiotu danych.

Przetwarzanie danych osobowych, takich jak imię i nazwisko, adres, adres e-mail, ID urządzenia lub numer telefonu podmiotu danych powinny być zawsze zgodne z rozporządzeniem Generalnego Ochrony Danych (PKBR), oraz zgodnie z krajem specyficznych przepisy dotyczące ochrony danych mające zastosowanie do Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG, Za pomocą niniejszego oświadczenia o ochronie danych osobowych, nasze przedsiębiorstwo pragnie poinformować opinię publiczną charakteru, zakresu i celu danych osobowych, które zbieramy, zastosowania i procesu. Ponadto osoby, których dane są informowani za pomocą niniejszego oświadczenia o ochronie danych osobowych, prawa, do których są uprawnieni.

Jako sterowniku, Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG wdrożyła liczne środki techniczne i organizacyjne w celu zapewnienia najbardziej kompletną ochronę przetwarzanych danych osobowych poprzez Repetier oprogramowanie, aplikacje i strony internetowe, które są przechowywane na serwerach dedykowanych internetowych obsługiwanych przez Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG, Jednakże, transmisje danych w oparciu o Internet może w zasadzie mieć luki w zabezpieczeniach, więc bezwzględna ochrona nie może być zagwarantowana.

1. Definicje
Oświadczenie o ochronie danych z Hot-World GmbH & Co. KGjest oparta na warunkach stosowanych przez prawodawcę europejskiego do przyjęcia rozporządzenia ogólnego Ochrony Danych (PKBR). Nasze oświadczenie o ochronie danych powinny być czytelne i zrozumiałe dla ogółu społeczeństwa, a także naszych klientów i partnerów biznesowych. Aby to zapewnić, chcielibyśmy najpierw wyjaśnić terminologię stosowaną.

W tej deklaracji o ochronie danych osobowych, używamy między innymi, następujące terminy:

a) dane osobowe
Dane osobowe to wszelkie informacje dotyczące zidentyfikowanej lub możliwej do zidentyfikowania osoby fizycznej ( „podmiot danych”). Osoba możliwa do zidentyfikowania osoby fizycznej jest osobą, która może zostać zidentyfikowana bezpośrednio lub pośrednio, w szczególności przez odniesienie do identyfikatora, takie jak imię i nazwisko, numer identyfikacyjny, dane lokalizacji, identyfikatora online lub do jednego lub więcej czynników określających fizyczne, fizjologiczne, genetyczny, umysłową, ekonomiczną, kulturową lub społeczną tożsamość tej osoby fizycznej.

b) Z danych
Podmiot danych ma żadnego zidentyfikowanej lub możliwej do zidentyfikowania osoby fizycznej, której dane osobowe są przetwarzane przez administratora odpowiedzialnego za przetwarzanie.

c) Produkcja
Przetwarzanie jest każdą operację lub zestaw operacji dokonywanych na danych osobowych lub zbiorów danych osobowych, czy nie za pomocą środków automatycznych, takich jak gromadzenie, rejestracja, porządkowanie, strukturyzacji, przechowywanie, adaptacja lub modyfikacja, odzyskiwanie, konsultowanie, wykorzystywanie, ujawnienie drogą, rozsiewanie lub w inny sposób, układanie lub kombinacji ograniczenia, usunięcia lub zniszczenia.

d) Ograniczenie obróbki
Ograniczenie przetwarzania jest znakowanie przechowywanych danych osobowych, którego celem jest ograniczenie ich przetwarzania w przyszłości.

e) Profilowanie
Profilowanie oznacza każdą formę zautomatyzowanego przetwarzania danych osobowych składających się z wykorzystaniem danych osobowych do oceny niektórych aspektów osobistych odnoszących się do osoby fizycznej, w szczególności do analizy lub przewidzieć aspekty dotyczące że wydajność osoby fizycznej w pracy, sytuacji ekonomicznej, zdrowia, preferencji osobistych , zainteresowania, rzetelność, zachowanie, lokalizacja lub ruchy.

f) Pseudonimizacja
Pseudonimizacja jest przetwarzanie danych osobowych w taki sposób, że dane osobowe mogą być już przypisane do konkretnego podmiotu danych bez użycia dodatkowych informacji, pod warunkiem, że takie dodatkowe informacje są przechowywane oddzielnie i podlega środków technicznych i organizacyjnych zapewniających że dane osobowe nie są przypisane do zidentyfikowanej lub możliwej do zidentyfikowania osoby fizycznej.

g) lub regulator odpowiedzialny za przetwarzanie
Sterownik lub kontroler odpowiedzialny za przetwarzanie jest osobą fizyczną lub prawną, władzę publiczną, agencję lub inny organ, który samodzielnie lub wspólnie z innymi podmiotami określa cele i sposoby przetwarzania danych osobowych; jeżeli cele i sposoby takiego przetwarzania są określane przez prawo Unii lub państwa członkowskiego, administrator lub szczególne kryteria jego nominacji mogą być przewidziane przez prawo Unii lub państwa członkowskiego.

h) Procesor
Procesor jest osobą fizyczną lub prawną, władzę publiczną, agencję lub inny organ przetwarzający dane osobowe w imieniu administratora.

i) Odbiorca
Odbiorca jest osobą fizyczną lub prawną, władzę publiczną, agencję lub inny organ, któremu ujawniane są dane osobowe, czy osobie trzeciej lub nie. Jednak władze, które publiczne mogą odbierać dane osobowe w ramach konkretnego dochodzenia, zgodnie z prawem Unii Europejskiej lub państwa członkowskiego nie są uważane za odbiorcę; przetwarzanie tych danych przez te organy publiczne muszą być zgodne z obowiązującymi przepisami o ochronie danych według celów przetwarzania.

j) Trzecia partia
Trzecia partia jest osobą fizyczną lub prawną, władzę publiczną, agencję lub inny organ niebędący podmiotem danych, kontroler, procesor i osób, które pod bezpośrednim zwierzchnictwem administratora danych lub przetwarzającego upoważnione są do przetwarzania danych osobowych.

k) Zgoda
Zgoda osoby, której dane są dowolnie, konkretna, świadoma i jednoznaczne wskazanie woli osoby, której dane dotyczą, w którym on lub ona, oświadczenie lub jasnego akcji afirmatywnej, oznacza zgodę na przetwarzanie danych osobowych odnoszących się do niego ,

2. Nazwa i adres administratora
Sterownik dla celów rozporządzenia ogólnego Ochrony Danych (PKBR), innymi przepisami dotyczącymi ochrony danych obowiązującymi w państwach członkowskich Unii Europejskiej oraz innych przepisów związanych z ochroną danych to:

Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG

Knickelsdorf 42

47877 Willich

Niemcy

Telefon: +49 (0) 2154 - 60 65 18

E-mail: info@repetier.com

strony internetowe: https://www.repetier.com, http://www.repetier-server.com, https://my.repetier.com, https://forum.repetier.com, http://www.repetier-apps.com, ...

3. Nazwa i adres inspektora ochrony danych
Inspektor ochrony danych regulatora jest:

Marcus Littwin
Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG

Knickelsdorf 42

47877 Willich

Niemcy

Telefon: +49 (0) 2154 - 60 65 18

E-mail: info@repetier.com

strony internetowe: https://www.repetier.com, http://www.repetier-server.com, https://my.repetier.com, https://forum.repetier.com, http://www.repetier-apps.com, ...

Dowolny podmiot danych może w każdej chwili skontaktować się z naszym inspektora ochrony danych bezpośrednio ze wszystkimi pytaniami i sugestiami dotyczącymi ochrony danych.

4. Cookies
Strony internetowej Hot-World GmbH & Co. KGUżywamy cookies. Cookies to pliki tekstowe, które są przechowywane w systemie komputerowym za pośrednictwem przeglądarki internetowej.

Wiele stron internetowych i serwerów korzysta z plików cookie. Wiele ciasteczka zawierają tak zwane ciasteczka ID. Cookie ID to unikalny identyfikator pliku cookie. Składa się z ciągu znaków, poprzez które strony internetowe i serwery mogą być przypisane do konkretnej przeglądarki internetowej, w której został zapisany plik cookie. Pozwala odwiedzane strony internetowe i serwery odróżnić indywidualną przeglądarkę z DAT podlegających z innych przeglądarek internetowych, które zawierają inne ciasteczka. Specyficzną przeglądarka internetowa może być uznane i identyfikowane za pomocą unikalnego identyfikatora pliku cookie.

Poprzez stosowanie plików cookie, z Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG może zapewnić użytkownikom tej witryny z bardziej przyjazny dla użytkownika usług, które nie byłyby możliwe bez ustawienia cookie.

Za pomocą plików cookie, informacje i oferty na naszej stronie może zostać zoptymalizowana z myślą o użytkowniku. Cookies pozwalają nam, jak wcześniej wspomniano, do uznania naszych użytkowników serwisu. Celem tego uznania jest, aby ułatwić użytkownikom wykorzystać naszą stronę internetową. Użytkownik strony internetowej, która używa plików cookie, na przykład nie musi wprowadzić dane dostępowe każdym razem, gdy strona internetowa jest dostępne, ponieważ ten został przejęty przez stronę internetową, a zatem cookie przechowywane w systemie komputerowym użytkownika. Innym przykładem jest ciasteczko z koszyka zakupów w sklepie internetowym. Sklep internetowy pamięta artykuły że klient umieszcza w wirtualnym koszyku zakupów za pomocą plików cookie.

Podmiot danych może w każdej chwili zapobiec ustawienia ciasteczek na naszej stronie internetowej za pomocą odpowiedniego ustawienia przeglądarki internetowej używany, a zatem mogą trwale zaprzeczyć ustawienia ciasteczek. Ponadto już ustawione cookie mogą być usunięte w dowolnym momencie za pośrednictwem przeglądarki internetowej lub innych programów. Jest to możliwe we wszystkich popularnych przeglądarek internetowych. Jeżeli osoba, której dane dezaktywuje ustawienia cookies w przeglądarce internetowej stosowanej, nie wszystkie funkcje naszego serwisu może być wyłącznie do użytku.

5. Gromadzenie danych i informacji ogólnych
Strony internetowe i Repetier API (Application Programming Interface), z Hot-World GmbH & Co. KGgromadzi szereg ogólnych danych i informacji, gdy osoba, której dane lub zautomatyzowany system wywołuje stronę internetową lub API. To ogólne dane i informacje są przechowywane w plikach dziennika serwera. Gromadzone mogą być (1) rodzaje i wersje przeglądarek używany (2), system operacyjny używany przez system dostępowi, (3) strony internetowej, z której system użytkowanie osiąga naszej strony internetowej (tzw odsyłających), (4) sub -websites, (5) data i czas dostępu do strony internetowej, (6) adres protokołu internetowego (IP address), (7) usługodawcy internetowego systemu dostępowi, i (8) innych podobnych danych i informacje, które mogą być stosowane w przypadku ataków na naszych systemów informatycznych.

Podczas korzystania z tych ogólnych danych i informacji, Hot-World GmbH & Co. KGnie wyciągać żadnych wniosków na ten temat danych. Przeciwnie, ta informacja jest potrzebna do (1) dostarczanie zawartości naszej stronie prawidłowo, (2) optymalizacja zawartości naszej stronie internetowej, jak również jego reklamy, (3) zapewnienia długoterminowej rentowności naszych systemów informatycznych i technologii internetowej oraz (4) zapewniają organy ścigania informacji niezbędnych do odpowiedzialności karnej w przypadku cyber-ataku. Dlatego też Hot-World GmbH & Co. KGAnalizy anonimowo zebrane dane i informacje statystycznie, w celu zwiększenia ochrony danych i bezpieczeństwa danych naszego przedsiębiorstwa oraz w celu zapewnienia optymalnego poziomu ochrony danych osobowych, możemy proces. Anonimowe dane o plikach dziennika serwera są przechowywane oddzielnie od wszystkich danych osobowych przekazanych przez podmiot danych.

6. Rejestracja na naszej stronie
Podmiot danych ma możliwość zarejestrować się na stronach internetowych regulatora ze wskazaniem danych osobowych. Jakie dane osobowe są przekazywane do kontrolera zależy od odpowiedniej maski wprowadzania używanego do rejestracji. Dane osobowe wprowadzone przez osobę, której dane są zbierane i przechowywane wyłącznie do użytku wewnętrznego przez administratora, a dla swoich własnych celów. Kontroler może żądać przeniesienia do jednego lub większej liczby procesorów (np serwisem firmy Apple lub Google wiadomość Push), które również wykorzystuje dane osobowe dla wewnętrznych celów, które można przypisać do sterownika. Sterownik wysyła automatycznie e-mail potwierdzający, by sprawdzić procedurę podwójnego opt-in, czy właściciel podany adres e-mail rozstrzygnięta na korzyść tej opcji.

Rejestrując się na stronie internetowej regulatora, adres IP przypisany przez dostawcę usług internetowych (ISP) i wykorzystywane przez dane przedmiotu daty i czasu rejestracji przechowywane są również. Przechowywanie tych danych odbywa się na tle, że jest to jedyny sposób, aby zapobiec nadużywaniu naszych usług, a także, jeśli to konieczne, aby umożliwić zbadanie popełnione wykroczenia. O ile, przechowywanie tych danych jest konieczne, aby zabezpieczyć regulator. Dane te nie są przekazywane osobom trzecim, chyba że istnieje ustawowy obowiązek przekazania danych lub jeżeli przekazanie służy cel karnej.

Rejestracja podmiotu danych, z dobrowolnego podawania danych osobowych, ma na celu umożliwienie kontroler do zaoferowania zawartość lub usługi, której dotyczą dane, które mogą być oferowane tylko dla zarejestrowanych użytkowników ze względu na charakter sprawy. Zarejestrowane osoby mogą swobodnie zmieniać dane osobowe podane podczas rejestracji w dowolnym momencie, albo mieć całkowicie usunięty z magazynu danych regulatora.

Administrator danych zobowiązany w każdym czasie, dostarczają informacji na żądanie każdego podmiotu danych, co dane osobowe są przechowywane na ten temat danych. Ponadto administrator danych powinien skorygować lub usunąć dane osobowe na żądanie lub wskazania podmiotu danych, o ile nie istnieją ustawowe obowiązki przechowywania. Inspektora ochrony danych szczególnie oznaczone w niniejszej deklaracji o ochronie danych osobowych, jak również całości pracowników regulatora są dostępne dla podmiotu danych w tym zakresie jako osoby kontaktowe.

7. Kontakt możliwość za pośrednictwem strony internetowej
Na stronie z Hot-World GmbH & Co. KGZawiera informacje, które umożliwiają szybki kontakt elektroniczny do naszej firmy, a także bezpośrednią komunikację z nami, która obejmuje także ogólny adres tzw poczty elektronicznej (adres e-mail). Jeżeli osoba, której dane kontaktuje się z kontrolerem za pośrednictwem poczty elektronicznej lub za pośrednictwem formularza kontaktowego, dane osobowe przekazywane przez podmiot danych są automatycznie zapisywane. Takie dane osobowe przekazywane dobrowolnie przez podmiot danych do administratora danych są przechowywane w celu przetwarzania lub kontaktując podmiotu danych. Nie ma przekazywanie tych danych osobowych osobom trzecim.

8. Komentarze funkcji na forum na stronie internetowej
Hot-World GmbH & Co. KGoferuje użytkownikom możliwość opuszczenia indywidualne komentarze na forum poszczególnych składek na forum, który znajduje się na stronie internetowej regulatora. Forum jest oparty na sieci Web, publicznie dostępnym portal, przez który jeden lub większa liczba osób może pisać artykuły lub zapisz myśli w tak zwanych postów. Linki można najczęściej komentowane przez osoby trzecie.

Jeżeli osoba, której dane zostawi komentarz na forum, opublikowane na tej stronie, komentarze dokonane przez osobę, której dane są przechowywane i publikowane, jak również informacji o dacie komentarzu i na użytkownika (pseudonim) wybranego przez podmiot danych , Ponadto adres IP przypisany przez dostawcę usług internetowych (ISP) do podmiotu danych jest również rejestrowane. Ta pamięć o adresie IP odbywa się ze względów bezpieczeństwa, a w przypadku, gdy osoba, której dane narusza prawa osób trzecich, lub stanowisk nielegalnych treści przez dany komentarz. Przechowywanie tych danych osobowych jest zatem we własnym interesie kontrolera danych, tak że może on odciążyć w razie naruszenia. To zebrane dane osobowe nie będą przekazywane osobom trzecim,

9. Subskrypcja komentarze na forum na stronie internetowej
Komentarze dokonane w na forum Hot-World GmbH & Co. KGmogą być subskrybowane przez osoby trzecie. W szczególności, istnieje możliwość, że komentator subskrybuje komentarzach po jego komentarze na forum konkretnego postu.

Opcja zapisać się do uwag może zostać rozwiązana w dowolnym momencie.

10. Rutynowa usunięcia i zablokowania danych osobowych
Administrator danych powinien przetwarzać i przechowywać dane osobowe podmiotu danych wyłącznie na okres niezbędny do osiągnięcia celu przechowywania lub tak daleko, jak to jest przyznawane przez prawodawcę europejskiego lub innych ustawodawców w przepisach ustawowych lub wykonawczych do której podlega kontroler do.

Jeśli celem jest przechowywanie nie dotyczy, lub jeśli okres przechowywania określony przez prawodawcę europejskiego lub innego właściwego ustawodawcy wygasa, dane osobowe są rutynowo zablokowane lub usunięte zgodnie z wymaganiami prawnymi.

11. Prawa podmiotu danych
a) Prawo do potwierdzenia
Każdy podmiot danych ma prawo przyznane przez prawodawcę europejskiego do uzyskania od administratora danych potwierdzenie, czy lub nie danych osobowych, które go dotyczą są przetwarzane. Jeżeli osoba, której dane chce skorzystać z tego prawa potwierdzenia, on lub ona może w każdej chwili skontaktować się z naszym inspektora ochrony danych lub innego pracownika kontrolera.

b) Prawo dostępu
Każdy podmiot danych ma prawo przyznane przez prawodawcę europejskiego do uzyskania od administratora bezpłatnych informacji na temat swoich danych osobowych przechowywanych w dowolnym momencie oraz kopię informacji. Ponadto, europejskie dyrektywy i rozporządzenia udzielenia dostępu podmiotu danych do następujących informacji:

cele przetwarzania danych;
kategorie odnośnych danych osobowych;
odbiorcach lub kategoriach odbiorców, którym dane osobowe zostały lub zostaną ujawnione, w szczególności odbiorców w krajach trzecich lub organizacji międzynarodowych;
w miarę możliwości, terminie przewidzianym dla których dane osobowe będą przechowywane, lub, jeśli nie jest to możliwe, kryteria stosowane do określenia tego okresu;
istnienie prawa do żądania sprostowania od kontrolera lub usunięcia danych osobowych lub ograniczenia przetwarzania danych osobowych dotyczących podmiotu danych, lub do sprzeciwu wobec takiego przetwarzania;
istnienie prawa do złożenia skargi do organu nadzoru;
gdzie dane osobowe nie są zbierane od podmiotu danych, wszelkich dostępnych informacji o ich źródle;
istnienie zautomatyzowanego procesu decyzyjnego, w tym profilowania, o którym mowa w artykule 22 (1) i (4) z PKBR, a przynajmniej w tych przypadkach, sensowne informacje o logice zaangażowany, jak również znaczenie i przewidywane konsekwencje z takie przetwarzanie danych na ten temat.
Ponadto podmiot danych ma prawo do uzyskania informacji o tym, czy dane osobowe są przekazywane do państwa trzeciego lub organizacji międzynarodowej. Gdzie jest to sprawa, której dane dotyczą, ma prawo do uzyskania informacji z odpowiednimi zabezpieczeniami dotyczących transferu.

Jeżeli osoba, której dane chce skorzystać z tego prawa dostępu, może on w każdej chwili skontaktować się z naszym inspektora ochrony danych lub innego pracownika kontrolera.

c) Prawo do sprostowania
Każdy podmiot danych ma prawo przyznane przez prawodawcę europejskiego do uzyskania od administratora danych bez zbędnej zwłoki sprostowania niedokładnych danych osobowych, które go dotyczą. Biorąc pod uwagę cele przetwarzania danych, której dane dotyczą, przysługuje prawo do niepełne dane osobowe zakończone, w tym poprzez zapewnienie dodatkowego oświadczenia.

Jeżeli osoba, której dane chce skorzystać z tego prawa do sprostowania, on lub ona może w każdej chwili skontaktować się z naszym inspektora ochrony danych lub innego pracownika kontrolera.

d) prawo do usunięcia (Prawo do bycia zapomnianym)
Każdy podmiot danych ma prawo przyznane przez prawodawcę europejskiego do uzyskania od administratora usunięcie danych osobowych jej dotyczących mu bez zbędnej zwłoki, a kontroler ma obowiązek usunięcia danych osobowych bez zbędnej zwłoki, gdy jeden z następujących względów zastosowanie, o ile ich przetwarzanie nie jest konieczne:

Dane osobowe nie jest już konieczne w odniesieniu do celów, do których zostały pozyskane lub w inny sposób są przetwarzane.
Podmiot danych wycofa zgodę na których przetwarzanie jest oparty zgodnie z punktem (a) artykułu 6 (1) z PKBR lub litera (a) artykułu 9 (2) z PKBR, a gdzie nie ma innego grunt prawny dla przetwórstwa.
Podmiot danych sprzeciwia się do przetwarzania na podstawie artykułu 21 (1) z PKBR i nie istnieją żadne uzasadnione powody do nadrzędne przetwarzania lub obiekty podlegające dane do przetwarzania zgodnie z art 21 (2) z PKBR.
Dane osobowe zostały bezprawnie przetwarzane.
Dane osobowe muszą być usunięte za zgodność z obowiązku prawnego w prawie Unii lub państwa członkowskiego, do którego administrator danych podlega.
Dane osobowe są gromadzone w związku z ofertą usług społeczeństwa informacyjnego, o którym mowa w artykule 8 (1) z PKBR.
Jeśli jeden z wyżej wymienionych powodów zastosowanie, a osoba, której dane chce zażądać usunięcia danych osobowych przechowywanych przez Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG, Może on w każdej chwili skontaktować się z naszym inspektora ochrony danych lub innego pracownika kontrolera. Inspektor Ochrony Danych Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG lub inny pracownik niezwłocznie zapewnić, że wniosek jest wymazanie spełnione natychmiast.

W przypadku, gdy sterownik do publicznej wiadomości danych osobowych i jest zobowiązany na podstawie artykułu 17 (1), aby usunąć dane osobowe, kontroler, z uwzględnieniem dostępnej technologii oraz koszt realizacji, podejmuje odpowiednie kroki, w tym środki techniczne, aby poinformować innych kontrolery przetwarzanie danych osobowych osoba, której dane żądane skasowaniu przez takich kontrolerów jakichkolwiek powiązań ani kopiować lub replikacji, tych danych osobowych, o ile nie jest wymagane przetwarzanie. Inspektor Ochrony Danych Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG lub inny pracownik umówi niezbędne środki w indywidualnych przypadkach.

e) Prawo do ograniczenia przetwarzania
Każdy podmiot danych ma prawo przyznane przez prawodawcę europejskiego do uzyskania od kontrolera ograniczenia przetwarzania, gdzie stosuje się jedną z następujących czynności:

Dokładność danych osobowych jest kwestionowana przez podmiot danych, przez okres pozwalający administratorowi na sprawdzenie dokładności danych osobowych.
Przetwarzanie jest bezprawne i podmiot danych sprzeciwia się skasowaniem danych osobowych i wniosków zamiast ograniczenie ich stosowania zamiast.
Sterownik nie potrzebuje danych osobowych dla celów przetwarzania danych, ale są one wymagane przez podmiot danych do ustalenia, wykonania lub obrony roszczeń prawnych.
Podmiot danych nie wyrażą sprzeciwu wobec przetwarzania na podstawie artykułu 21 (1) z PKBR oczekiwaniu na weryfikację, czy uzasadnione podstawy regulatora zastąpią te osoby, której dane.
Jeśli jeden z wyżej wymienionych warunków nie jest spełniony, a osoba, której dane chce wystąpić o ograniczenie przetwarzania danych osobowych przechowywanych przez Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG, Może on w każdej chwili skontaktować się z naszym inspektora ochrony danych lub innego pracownika kontrolera. Inspektor Ochrony Danych Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG lub inny pracownik umówi ograniczenie przetwarzania.

f) Prawo do przenoszenia danych
Każdy podmiot danych ma prawo przyznane przez prawodawcę europejskiego, do otrzymania danych osobowych, które go dotyczą, które zostały dostarczone do kontrolera, w sposób uporządkowany, powszechnie stosowane i format odczytu maszynowego. On lub ona ma prawo do przekazywania tych danych do innego kontrolera bez przeszkód ze sterownika do którego dane osobowe zostały przekazane, o ile przetwarzanie danych na podstawie zgody zgodnie z punktem (a) artykułu 6 (1) z PKBR lub punkt (a) artykułu 9 (2) z PKBR lub na podstawie umowy na podstawie punktu (b) artykułu 6 (1) z PKBR i przetwarzanie jest przeprowadzane w sposób zautomatyzowany, jak długo ich przetwarzanie nie jest konieczne dla realizacji zadania wykonywanego w interesie publicznym lub dla wykonywania władzy publicznej w kontrolerze.

Ponadto, wykonując swoje prawo do przenoszenia danych zgodnie z art 20 (1) z PKBR, której dane dotyczą, przysługuje prawo do danych osobowych przesyłanych bezpośrednio z jednego sterownika do drugiego, gdzie jest to technicznie wykonalne i robiąc tak nie niekorzystnie wpłynąć na prawa i wolności innych osób.

W celu dochodzenia prawa do przenoszenia danych, której dane dotyczą, może w dowolnym czasie kontaktu inspektor ochrony danych wyznaczonych przez Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG lub inny pracownik.

g) Prawo do obiektu
Każdy podmiot danych ma prawo przyznane przez prawodawcę europejskiego sprzeciwu, z przyczyn odnoszących się do jego lub szczególne jej sytuacji, w dowolnym momencie, aby przetwarzanie danych osobowych, które go dotyczą, która opiera się na punkcie (E) lub (f ) artykułu 6 (1) z PKBR. Odnosi się to także do profilowania opartego na tych przepisach.

Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG nie będą już przetwarzać dane osobowe w przypadku sprzeciwu, o ile możemy wykazać ważnych i uzasadnionych podstaw do przetwarzania których nadrzędne interesy, prawa i wolności podmiotu danych, lub w celu ustanowienia, wykonania lub obrony roszczeń prawnych.

Jeśli Hot-World GmbH & Co. KGprzetwarza danych osobowych dla celów marketingu bezpośredniego, której dane dotyczą, ma prawo do wyrażenia sprzeciwu w każdej chwili do przetwarzania danych osobowych, które go dotyczą ją do takiego marketingu. Odnosi się to do profilowania do tego stopnia, że ​​jest to związane z takim marketingu bezpośredniego. Jeśli podmiot danych sprzeciwia się Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG do przetwarzania do celów marketingu bezpośredniego, Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG nie będzie przetwarzać danych osobowych dla takich celów.

Ponadto, której dane dotyczą, ma prawo, z przyczyn odnoszących się do jego lub jej konkretnej sytuacji, sprzeciwu wobec przetwarzania danych osobowych, które go dotyczą przez Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG dla celów naukowych lub historycznych badawczych lub do celów statystycznych, zgodnie z artykułem 89 (1) z PKBR, chyba że przetwarzanie danych jest konieczne dla realizacji zadania wykonywanego ze względów interesu publicznego.

W celu skorzystania z prawa do sprzeciwu, której dane dotyczą, może bezpośrednio kontaktować się inspektora ochrony danych pod kątem Hot-World GmbH & Co. KGlub inny pracownik. Ponadto osoba, której dane jest wolny w kontekście korzystania z usług społeczeństwa informacyjnego, oraz nie naruszając dyrektywy 2002/58 / WE, aby skorzystać ze swojego prawa do sprzeciwu w sposób automatyczny z wykorzystaniem specyfikacji technicznych.

h) Zautomatyzowane indywidualnego podejmowania decyzji, łącznie z profilowaniem
Każdy podmiot danych ma prawo przyznane przez prawodawcę europejskiego, aby nie być przedmiotem decyzji opartych wyłącznie na zautomatyzowanym przetwarzaniu, w tym profilowania, która wywołuje skutki prawne, które go dotyczą, lub podobnie znacząco wpływa mu, tak długo, jak decyzja (1) nie jest to konieczne dla zawarcia lub wydajność, umowa między podmiotem danych a administratorem danych, lub (2) nie jest autoryzowana przez Unię lub państwie prawa, któremu podlega kontroler i która będzie zawierać także w dół odpowiednie środki w celu ochrony praw i wolności podmiotu danych oraz uzasadnione interesy, lub (3) nie opiera się na wyraźnej zgody osoby, której dane dotyczą.

Jeśli jest decyzja (1) niezbędne do zawarcia lub wydajność, umowa między podmiotem danych a administratorem danych, lub (2) jest oparte na wyraźnej zgody osoby, której dane, tym Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG zastosuje odpowiednie środki w celu ochrony praw i wolności podmiotu danych oraz uzasadnione interesy, przynajmniej prawo do uzyskania interwencji człowieka ze strony kontrolera, aby wyrazić swój punkt widzenia i zakwestionowania decyzji.

Jeżeli osoba, której dane chce wykonywać prawa dotyczące zautomatyzowane indywidualnego podejmowania decyzji, może on w każdej chwili skontaktować się bezpośrednio z naszego inspektora ochrony danych z Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG lub inny pracownik kontrolera.

i) prawo do wycofania zgody w zakresie ochrony danych
Każdy podmiot danych ma prawo przyznane przez prawodawcę europejskiego, aby wycofać swoją zgodę na przetwarzanie swoich danych osobowych w dowolnym momencie.

f, której dane chce skorzystać z prawa do wycofania zgody, on lub ona może w każdej chwili skontaktować się bezpośrednio z naszego inspektora ochrony danych pod kątem Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG lub inny pracownik kontrolera.

12. Ochrona danych dla aplikacji i procedur aplikacyjnych
Administrator danych zbiera i przetwarza dane osobowe wnioskodawców do celów przetwarzania procedury aplikacyjnej. Przetwarzanie może być wykonywane w formie elektronicznej. Jest to przypadek, w szczególności, gdy wnioskodawca składa odpowiednie dokumenty aplikacyjne na adres e-mail lub za pomocą formularza internetowego na stronie internetowej do sterownika. Jeżeli administrator danych zawrze umowę o pracę z wnioskodawcy, przedstawione dane będą przechowywane w celu przetwarzania w stosunku pracy zgodnie z wymaganiami prawnymi. Jeżeli umowa o pracę nie została zawarta z wnioskodawcą przez kontrolera, dokumenty aplikacyjne powinny być automatycznie usuwane po dwóch miesiącach od doręczenia decyzji odmownej, pod warunkiem, że żadne inne uzasadnione interesy kontrolera sprzeciwiają się skasowaniem.

13. Przepisy dotyczące ochrony danych na temat zastosowania i wykorzystania Facebook
Na tej stronie, kontroler ma zintegrowane komponenty przedsiębiorstwa Facebooku. Facebook to serwis społecznościowy.

Sieć społecznościowa jest miejscem spotkań towarzyskich w internecie, internetowa społeczność, która zazwyczaj pozwala użytkownikom komunikować się ze sobą i interakcji w przestrzeni wirtualnej. Sieć społecznościowa może służyć jako platforma do wymiany poglądów i doświadczeń, lub umożliwić społeczności internetowej do podania informacji osobistych lub związanych z działalnością gospodarczą. Facebook pozwala użytkownikom sieci społeczne obejmują tworzenie profili prywatnych, przesyłanie zdjęć i sieci poprzez żądania przyjaciela.

Firma działa od Facebook jest Facebook, Inc., 1 Hacker Way, Menlo Park, CA 94025, Stany Zjednoczone. Jeżeli dana osoba mieszka poza granicami Stanów Zjednoczonych lub Kanadzie, kontroler jest Facebook Ireland Ltd., 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbor, Dublin 2, Irlandia.

Przy każdym wywołaniu do jednego poszczególnych stronach tej strony internetowej, która jest obsługiwana przez kontroler i do którego składnik Facebooku (Facebook plug-ins) został włączony, przeglądarka w systemie technologii informacyjnej, której dane dotyczą jest automatycznie poproszony o pobranie wyświetlanie odpowiedniego składnika Facebooku z Facebook za pośrednictwem komponentu Facebooku. Przegląd wszystkich Facebooku wtyczek mogą być dostępne podhttps://developers.facebook.com/docs/plugins/, W trakcie tej procedury technicznej, Facebook jest świadomy tego, co specyficzne sub-site naszej stronie odwiedził podmiotu danych.

Jeżeli osoba, której dane są rejestrowane w tym samym czasie na Facebook, Facebook wykryje z każdym call-up na naszej stronie przez przedmiot i danych przez cały okres ich pobytu w naszym serwisie-which Internet konkretnej podstronie naszego Internecie strona była odwiedzana przez podmiot danych. Informacje te są zbierane przez komponent Facebooku i wiąże się z danym kontem na Facebooku, której dane dotyczą. Jeżeli osoba, której dane kliknie na jeden z przycisków na Facebooku zintegrowany naszej stronie, np „Like” przycisk, lub gdy osoba, której dane podnosi komentarz, a następnie Facebook pasuje do tej informacji z osobistego Facebooku konta użytkownika, której dane dotyczą i przechowuje dane osobiste.

Facebook zawsze otrzymuje, za pośrednictwem komponentu Facebooku, informację o wizycie na naszej stronie internetowej za pomocą której dane dotyczą, gdy osoba, której dane są rejestrowane w tym samym czasie na Facebooku w czasie call-up na naszej stronie. Dzieje się tak niezależnie od tego, czy osoba, której dane kliknie komponentu Facebooku czy nie. Jeżeli takie przekazywanie informacji Facebook nie jest pożądane dla podmiotu danych, a następnie on lub ona może temu zapobiec przez wylogowania ze swojego konta na Facebooku przed call-up na naszej stronie jest wykonany.

Wytyczne dotyczące ochrony danych opublikowane przez Facebooka, dostępne pod adresem https://facebook.com/about/privacy/, zawierają informacje na temat gromadzenia, przetwarzania i wykorzystywania danych osobowych przez Facebooka. Ponadto wyjaśniono tam, jakie opcje ustawień Facebook oferuje w celu ochrony prywatności osoby, której dane dotyczą. Dodatkowo udostępniane są różne opcje konfiguracyjne umożliwiające eliminację transmisji danych do Facebooka. Aplikacje te mogą być wykorzystywane przez osobę, której dane dotyczą, w celu wyeliminowania transmisji danych do Facebooka.

14. Przepisy dotyczące ochrony danych na temat zastosowania i wykorzystania Matomo
Na tej stronie internetowej, kontroler zintegrowany komponent Matomo. Matomo jest narzędziem oprogramowanie open-source do analizy internetowej. Analiza stron internetowych jest zbieranie, gromadzenie i ocena danych o zachowaniach użytkowników ze stron internetowych. Narzędzie do analizy internetowej gromadzi, między innymi, dane na stronie, z której dotyczą dane, przyszedł do witryny internetowej (tzw odsyłających), które strony witryny zostały udostępnione lub jak często i na jaki okres czasu pod-stronę oglądany. Analiza stron internetowych jest używana głównie do optymalizacji strony internetowej oraz analizy kosztów i korzyści z reklamy internetowej.

Oprogramowanie pracuje na serwerze kontrolera, ochrona wrażliwych danych pliki dziennika są przechowywane wyłącznie na tym serwerze.

Celem komponentu Matomo jest analiza przepływów gościa na naszej stronie internetowej. Kontroler wykorzystuje otrzymane dane i informacje, między innymi w celu oceny korzystania z tej witryny w celu tworzenia raportów online, które pokazują działania na naszych stronach internetowych.

Matomo ustawia cookie na temat systemu informatycznego, której dane dotyczą. Definicja ciasteczek wyjaśniono powyżej. Z ustawieniem cookie, analiza użytkowania naszej strony jest włączone. Przy każdym wywołaniu do jednego poszczególnych stronach tej witryny, przeglądarka internetowa na system informatyczny podmiotu danych jest automatycznie przez składnik Matomo poproszony o przedstawienie danych dla celów analizy on-line do naszego serwera. W trakcie tej procedury technicznej, otrzymujemy wiedzę o danych osobowych, takie jak adres IP, której dane dotyczą, który służy do zrozumienia pochodzenia turystów i kliknięć. Matomo używa jedynie anonimowe dane IP. Matomo przechowuje w bazie danych adresowych każdy nowy gość IP (IPv4 lub IPv6 Format) z ostatnich elementów usuniętych, aby chronić prywatność użytkownika.

Plik cookie jest używany do przechowywania informacji osobistych, takich jak czas dostępu, miejsce, z którego dostęp został wykonany, a częstotliwość wizyt na naszej stronie. Przy każdej wizycie na naszych stronach internetowych, w tym danych osobowych, w tym adresu IP dostępu do Internetu wykorzystywanego przez podmiot danych, są przekazywane do naszego serwera. Te dane osobowe będą przechowywane przez nas anonimizacji IP. Nie przekazania tych danych osobowych osobom trzecim.

Przedmiotem dane mogą, jak stwierdzono powyżej, zapobiegają ustawienia ciasteczek na naszej stronie internetowej w dowolnym momencie za pomocą odpowiedniego dostosowania przeglądarce internetowej stosowanej, a tym samym na stałe odmówić ustawienia ciasteczek. Taka korekta stosowanej przeglądarki internetowej będzie również zapobiec Matomo od ustawienia cookie w systemie technologii informacyjnej, której dane dotyczą. Ponadto pliki cookie już używany przez Matomo mogą zostać usunięte w dowolnym momencie za pośrednictwem przeglądarki internetowej lub innych programów.

Ponadto, której dane dotyczą ma możliwość sprzeciw wobec gromadzenia danych odnoszących się do korzystania z tej strony internetowej, które są generowane przez Matomo, a także przetwarzanie tych danych przez Matomo i szansę, aby wykluczyć takie. W tym celu osoba, której dane należy ustawić plik cookie opt-out:


Cookie opt-out, który jest ustawiony w tym celu umieszcza się na system informatyczny używany przez podmiot danych. Jeśli pliki cookie są usuwane z systemu, której dane dotyczą, a następnie przedmiotem dane muszą zadzwonić-up link i ponownie ustawić nowy plik cookie opt-out.

Z każdego ustawienia cookie opt-out, jednak istnieje możliwość, że strony internetowe regulatora nie są już w pełni nadające się do podmiotu danych.

Dalsze informacje oraz obowiązujące przepisy o ochronie danych z Matomo mogą być pobierane w ramach https://matomo.org/privacy/,

15. Przepisy dotyczące ochrony danych na temat zastosowania i wykorzystania Twitter
Na tej stronie, kontroler ma zintegrowane komponenty Twitterze. Twitter to wielojęzyczny, publicznie dostępną usługą mikroblogowania, na której użytkownicy mogą publikować i rozprzestrzeniać tak zwanych „tweety”, np krótkich wiadomości, które są ograniczone do 140 znaków. Te krótkie wiadomości są dostępne dla wszystkich, także tych, którzy nie są rejestrowane na Twitterze. Tweets wyświetlane są także tzw zwolenników danego użytkownika. Następni są inni użytkownicy Twittera, którzy śledzą tweets użytkownika. Ponadto, Twitter pozwala na przypisywanie do szerokiego grona odbiorców poprzez hashtagami, linków lub Retweets.

Firma działa Twitter jest Twitter, Inc., 1355 Market Street, Suite 900, San Francisco, CA 94103, USA.

Przy każdym wywołaniu do jednego poszczególnych stronach niniejszego serwisu internetowego, który jest obsługiwany przez kontroler i na którym składnik Twitter (Twitter button) został włączony, przeglądarka internetowa na system informatyczny podmiotu danych jest automatycznie poproszony Pobieranie wyświetlanie odpowiedniego składnika Twitter Twitter. Dalsze informacje na temat przycisków Twitter jest dostępny podhttps://about.twitter.com/de/resources/buttons, W trakcie tej procedury technicznej, Twitter zyskuje wiedzę na temat tego, co specyficzne podstrona naszej stronie odwiedził podmiotu danych. Celem integracji składnika Twitter jest retransmisja treścią tej strony, aby umożliwić naszym użytkownikom wprowadzać tę stronę do cyfrowego świata i zwiększyć nasze liczby turystów.

Jeżeli osoba, której dane są rejestrowane w tym samym czasie na Twitterze Twitter wykrywa z każdym call-up na naszej stronie przez podmiot danych, a przez cały czas ich pobytu na naszej stronie internetowej, która specyficzny podstrona naszej stronie internetowej było odwiedzanych przez podmiot danych. Informacje te są zbierane przez komponent Twitter i związane z danym koncie Twitter, której dane dotyczą. Jeżeli osoba, której dane kliknie na jeden z przycisków Twitterze zintegrowanych na naszej stronie internetowej, a następnie Twitter przypisuje tę informację do osobistego konta użytkownika Twitter, której dotyczą dane i przechowuje dane osobowe.

Twitter odbiera informacje za pośrednictwem komponentu Twitterze, że podmiot danych odwiedził naszą stronę internetową, pod warunkiem, że podmiot danych jest zalogowany na Twitterze w czasie call-up na naszej stronie. Dzieje się tak niezależnie od tego, czy dana osoba kliknie komponentu Twitter czy nie. Jeżeli takie przekazywanie informacji Twitter nie jest pożądane dla podmiotu danych, a następnie on lub ona może temu zapobiec przez wylogowania z konta Twitter przed call-up na naszej stronie jest wykonany.

Obowiązujące przepisy o ochronie danych Twittera mogą być dostępne pod https://twitter.com/privacy?lang=en,

16. Przepisy dotyczące ochrony danych na temat zastosowania i wykorzystania YouTube
Na tej stronie, kontroler ma zintegrowane komponenty YouTube. YouTube to portal video Internet, który umożliwia wydawcom, aby ustawić wideo klipów wideo i innych użytkowników bezpłatnie, który zapewnia również bezpłatne oglądanie, przeglądanie i komentowanie na nich. YouTube pozwala publikować wszelkiego rodzaju filmów, dzięki czemu można uzyskać dostęp zarówno pełne filmy i audycje telewizyjne, jak również teledyski, zwiastuny i filmy wykonane przez użytkowników za pośrednictwem portalu internetowego.

Firma działa od YouTube jest YouTube, LLC, 901 Cherry Ave., San Bruno, CA 94066, USA. YouTube, LLC jest spółką zależną Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Pkwy, Mountain View, CA 94043-1351, Stany Zjednoczone.

Przy każdym wywołaniu do jednego poszczególnych stronach niniejszego serwisu internetowego, który jest obsługiwany przez kontroler i na którym komponent YouTube (wideo YouTube) został włączony, przeglądarka internetowa na system informatyczny podmiotu danych jest automatycznie poproszony Pobieranie wyświetlanie odpowiedniego komponentu YouTube. Dalsze informacje na temat YouTube można uzyskać pod https://www.youtube.com/intl/en/yt/about/, W trakcie tej procedury technicznej, YouTube i Google zdobyć wiedzę o tym, co specyficzne podstrona naszej stronie odwiedził podmiotu danych.

Jeżeli osoba, której dane są rejestrowane w serwisie YouTube, YouTube rozpoznaje z każdym wywołaniu aż do podstrony, który zawiera film na YouTube, który specyficzny podstrona naszej stronie internetowej odwiedziło podmiotu danych. Informacje te są zbierane przez YouTube i Google i przypisany do danego konta YouTube, której dane dotyczą.

YouTube i Google otrzyma informacje poprzez komponentu YouTube, że podmiot danych odwiedził naszą stronę, jeżeli osoba, której dane w momencie powołania do naszej strony internetowej jest zalogowany na YouTube; Dzieje się tak niezależnie od tego, czy dana osoba kliknie na wideo YouTube czy nie. Jeżeli takie przekazywanie tej informacji do YouTube i Google nie jest pożądane dla podmiotu danych, dostarczanie można zapobiec, jeżeli osoba, której dane wylogowuje z własnego konta YouTube zanim zostanie podjęta call-up na naszej stronie internetowej.

przepisy o ochronie danych YouTube, dostępne w https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/Dostarczają informacji na temat gromadzenia, przetwarzania i wykorzystywania danych osobowych przez YouTube i Google.

17. Przepisy dotyczące ochrony danych na temat zastosowania i wykorzystania Google Cloud Messaging (CGM)
W Androidzie Repetier-Informeraplikacja, sterownik posiada zintegrowane komponenty Google. android Repetier-Informer Aplikacja korzysta z Google Cloud Messaging (GCM) dostarczenie informacji do mobilnych urządzeń końcowych, które mogą następnie wykorzystać go w Repetier-Informer app.

Firma działa od Google jest Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043-1351, USA.

Podczas konfigurowania Repetier-Informerapp istniejącą grupę z odpowiednim ID grupy wejściu i nowej grupy jest tworzony. Tutaj mamy otrzymać od Google ID urządzenia, do którego możemy wysyłać wiadomości Push.

Przy każdej wiadomości przekazujemy tekst wiadomości, a jeśli podano link via GCM do określonego identyfikatora urządzenia Google, dzięki czemu Repetier-Informer Aplikacja odbiera te dane.

przepisy o ochronie danych Google, dostępne na https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/Dostarczają informacji na temat gromadzenia, przetwarzania i wykorzystywania danych osobowych przez Google.

18. Przepisy dotyczące ochrony danych o stosowaniu i wykorzystaniu usługi powiadomień push Apple (APN)
W iOS Repetier-Informeraplikacja, sterownik posiada zintegrowane komponenty Apple. iOS Repetier-Informer Aplikacja korzysta z usługi powiadomień push Apple (Nazwy APN), aby dostarczyć informacji do mobilnych urządzeń końcowych, które mogą następnie wykorzystać go w Repetier-Informer app.

Firma działa od Apple jest jabłko, 1 pętla nieskończona, Cupertino, CA 95014, USA.

Podczas konfigurowania Repetier-Informerapp istniejącą grupę z odpowiednim ID grupy wejściu i nowej grupy jest tworzony. Tutaj otrzymujemy od Apple ID urządzenia, do którego możemy wysyłać wiadomości Push.

Przy każdej wiadomości przekazujemy tekst wiadomości, a jeśli określona poprzez APN link do konkretnego urządzenia firmy Apple ID, dzięki czemu Repetier-Informer Aplikacja odbiera te dane.

przepisy o ochronie danych firmy Apple, dostępny w https://www.apple.com/privacy/Dostarczają informacji na temat gromadzenia, przetwarzania i wykorzystywania danych osobowych przez firmę Apple.

19. Zatrzymanie odbierania wiadomości push od Repetier-Informer
Jedynym celem z Repetier-Informer Aplikacja jest, że programy takie jak Repetier-Server i Repetier-HostZarówno opracowany przez Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG, Wysyłać wiadomości status swojego 3d drukarki za pośrednictwem wiadomości Push do swoich smartfonów i / lub tabletek.

Jeśli nie chcesz otrzymywać wiadomości Push w smartfonie lub tablecie, można usunąć przypisane grupy w ustawieniach aplikacji można odinstalować aplikację lub można wyłączyć w wiadomości Push Repetier-Host i / lub Repetier-Server,

Przepisy dotyczące ochrony danych na temat korzystania z systemu PayPal jako procesor płatności: Metoda 20. płatności
Na tej stronie, sterownik posiada zintegrowane elementy PayPal. PayPal jest dostawcą usług płatniczych w Internecie. Płatności są przetwarzane za pomocą tak zwanych kont PayPal, które reprezentują wirtualnych kont prywatnych lub biznesowych. PayPal jest również w stanie przetworzyć płatności wirtualnych poprzez karty kredytowe, gdy użytkownik nie posiada konta PayPal. Konto PayPal jest zarządzany za pośrednictwem adresu e-mail, dlatego nie ma klasyczne numery kont. PayPal umożliwia uruchomienia płatności internetowych na rzecz osób trzecich lub do otrzymywania płatności. PayPal akceptuje również funkcje powiernicze, usługi ochrony kupującego.

Europejska spółka operacyjna PayPal jest PayPal (Europe) S.à rl & Cie. SCA, 22-24 Boulevard Royal, 2449 Luksemburg, Luksemburg.

Jeżeli osoba, której dane wybiera „PayPal” jako opcję płatności w sklepie internetowym w trakcie procesu zamawiania, automatycznie przekazują dane podmiotu danych do systemu PayPal. Po wybraniu tej opcji płatności, której dane dotyczą, wyrazi zgodę na przekazanie danych osobowych niezbędnych do przetwarzania płatności.

Dane osobowe przekazywane do systemu PayPal jest zazwyczaj imię, nazwisko, adres, adres e-mail, adres IP, numer telefonu, numer telefonu komórkowego lub innych danych niezbędnych do przetwarzania płatności. Przetwarzanie umowy sprzedaży wymaga również takich danych osobowych, które są w związku z odpowiednim porządku.

Transmisja danych jest skierowany do przetwarzania płatności i zapobiegania oszustwom. Kontroler będzie przekazać dane osobowe do systemu PayPal, w szczególności, gdy uzasadniony interes w przekazie jest podane. Dane osobowe wymieniane między PayPal oraz regulatora do przetwarzania danych będą przesyłane przez PayPal aby agencje kredytów gospodarczych. Ta transmisja jest przeznaczony do kontroli tożsamości i wiarygodności kredytowej.

PayPal będzie, jeśli to konieczne, przekazać dane osobowe do filii i usługodawców lub podwykonawców w zakresie w jakim jest to niezbędne do wypełnienia zobowiązań umownych lub dane mają być przetwarzane w kolejności.

Podmiot danych ma możliwość odwołania zgody na przetwarzanie danych osobowych w dowolnym momencie z PayPal. Cofnięcie decyzji nie powinny mieć żadnego wpływu na danych osobowych, które muszą być przetwarzane, wykorzystywane lub przekazywane zgodnie z (umownego) przetwarzanie płatności.

Obowiązujące przepisy o ochronie danych systemu PayPal mogą być pobierane w ramach https://www.paypal.com/us/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-full,

21. Transmisja danych Repetier-Host
Repetier-Host łączy się tylko do serwerów internetowych Hot-World GmbH & Co. KGaby sprawdzić dostępność aktualizacji lub pobranie treści reklamowych. Jeżeli osoba, której dane wykorzystuje dostosowaną wersję hosta osobie trzeciej, gospodarz może połączyć się z serwerem WWW osoby trzeciej, by sprawdzić dostępność aktualizacji. W programie znajdują się linki do stron internetowych, które mogą być otwierane w standardowej przeglądarce, klikając na nich.

Repetier-Host może komunikować się z Repetier-Server przypadki, które mogą działać na innych komputerach, jakby były podłączone bezpośrednio. Repetier-Host może wysyłać i / lub odbierać dane do / z Repetier-Server jak G-kodów, modeli, obrazów, informacji o drukarce informacje o wszystkich przechowywanych modeli ... kontrolować i zarządzać drukarkami 3d zapisanych danych.

Repetier-Host 3d mogą wysyłać komunikaty stanu do Repetier-Informer app, jeśli połączenie zostało jawnie skonfigurowane.

22. Transmisja danych Repetier-Server
Repetier-Server łączy się tylko do serwerów internetowych Hot-World GmbH & Co. KGaby sprawdzić dostępność aktualizacji i sprawdzić poprawność wprowadzonego klucza licencyjnego. Jeżeli osoba, której dane wykorzystuje niestandardowe Repetier-Serverwersja strony trzeciej, serwer może połączyć się z serwerem WWW osoby trzeciej, by sprawdzić dostępność aktualizacji. W programie znajdują się linki do stron internetowych, które mogą być otwierane w standardowej przeglądarce, klikając na nich.

Repetier-Server może komunikować się z Repetier-Host przypadki, które mogą działać na innych komputerach, jakby były podłączone bezpośrednio. Repetier-Server może wysyłać i / lub odbierać dane do / z Repetier-Host jak G-kodów, modeli, obrazów, informacji o drukarce informacje o wszystkich przechowywanych modeli ... kontrolować i zarządzać drukarkami 3d zapisanych danych.

Repetier-Server 3d mogą wysyłać komunikaty stanu do Repetier-Informer app, jeśli połączenie zostało jawnie skonfigurowane.

Repetier-Serverdziała jak serwer WWW i mogą być dostępne przez jakikolwiek najnowszej przeglądarki internetowej. W zależności od konfiguracji sieci użytkownika, to może być tylko albo globalnie wewnętrzny. Z tego powodu zalecamy, aby włączyć uwierzytelnianie użytkownika w Repetier-Server,

Podmiot danych może łączyć Repetier-Server do Repetier Usługi w chmurze, aby uzyskać pełny dostęp do podłączona Repetier-Server przypadkach od wszędzie uprawnionych użytkowników za pośrednictwem https://my.repetier.com, Aby umożliwić tę funkcjonalność, Repetier usługi cloud trzeba przechowywać dodatkowe dane, a także może buforować stany serwera, obrazy i dane procesowe przesyłane z Repetier-Server,

23. Podstawa prawna przetwarzania
Sztuka. 6 (1) lit. PKBR służy za podstawę prawną dla działań, dla których uzyskanie zgody na określony cel przetwarzania przetwarzania. Jeżeli przetwarzanie danych osobowych jest konieczne do realizacji umowy, gdy osoba, której dane dotyczą, jest stroną, jak to ma miejsce na przykład operacje gdy przetwarzanie są niezbędne do dostawy towarów lub świadczenia innych usług, przetwarzanie jest na podstawie artykułu 6 (1) lit. b PKBR. To samo odnosi się do takich operacji przetwarzania danych, które są niezbędne do przeprowadzenia działań przed zawarciem umowy, na przykład w przypadku pytań dotyczących naszych produktów lub usług. Czy nasza firma podlega obowiązkowi prawnego, w którym wymagane jest przetwarzanie danych osobowych, takie jak do wypełnienia zobowiązań podatkowych, przetwarzanie danych na podstawie art. 6 (1) lit. c PKBR. W rzadkich przypadkach, przetwarzanie danych osobowych mogą być konieczne dla ochrony żywotnych interesów osoby, której dane dotyczą, lub innej osoby fizycznej. Byłby to przypadek, na przykład, jeśli użytkownik zostało rannych w naszej firmie, a jego nazwisko, wiek, dane ubezpieczenie zdrowotne lub innych ważnych informacji musiałyby być przekazywane do lekarza, szpitala lub innej osoby trzeciej. Następnie przetwarzanie powinno być oparte na art. 6 (1) lit. d PKBR. Wreszcie, operacje przetwarzania danych mogą być oparte na artykule 6 (1) lit. f PKBR. Ta podstawa prawna jest wykorzystywana do operacji, które nie są objęte żadnym z wyżej wymienionych podstaw prawnych przetwarzania, jeśli jest to niezbędne do celów uzasadnionych interesów przez naszą firmę lub przez osobę trzecią, kiedy interesy takie podporządkowane są interesom albo podstawowych praw i wolności podmiotu danych, które wymagają ochrony danych osobowych. Takie operacje przetwarzania są szczególnie dopuszczalne, ponieważ zostały one szczegółowo wymienione przez prawodawcę europejskiego. Uważał, że interes prawny można przyjąć, jeżeli osoba, której dane jest klientem kontrolera (motyw 47 zdanie 2 PKBR).

24. uzasadnionych interesów administratora danych lub osoby trzeciej
W przypadku gdy przetwarzanie danych osobowych na podstawie artykułu 6 (1) lit. f PKBR nasz uzasadniony interes jest prowadzenie naszej działalności na rzecz dobrobytu wszystkich naszych pracowników i akcjonariuszy.

25. Okres, dla których będą przechowywane dane osobowe
Kryteria stosowane do określenia okresu przechowywania danych osobowych jest odpowiednia ustawowy okres przechowywania. Po upływie tego okresu, odpowiednie dane są rutynowo usuwane, o ile nie jest już konieczne do realizacji umowy lub rozpoczęcia umowy.

26. Przekazywanie danych osobowych, jak wymaganie ustawowe lub wiążącego; Wymóg niezbędny do zawarcia umowy; Zobowiązanie podmiotu danych w celu dostarczenia danych osobowych; ewentualne konsekwencje Niedostarczenie takich danych
Wyjaśniamy, że dostarczanie danych osobowych jest częściowo wymagane przez prawo (np przepisy podatkowe) lub może również wynikać z postanowień umownych (np informacji na temat kontrahenta). Czasami może być konieczne do zawarcia umowy, że podmiot danych dostarcza nam danych osobowych, które muszą być następnie przetwarzane przez nas. Przedmiotem danych, na przykład, obowiązek dostarczyć nam danych osobowych, gdy nasza firma podpisuje umowę z niego. Non-Przekazanie danych osobowych miałoby ten skutek, że kontrakt z której dane dotyczą, nie mogła zostać zawarta. Zanim dane osobowe są dostarczane przez podmiot danych, której dane dotyczą, musi skontaktować się z naszym inspektora ochrony danych.

27. Istnienie zautomatyzowanego procesu decyzyjnego
Jako firma odpowiedzialna, nie używamy automatycznego podejmowania decyzji lub profilowanie.

Niniejsza Polityka Prywatności został wygenerowany przez generator Polityka Prywatności External Data Protection Officer (https://dg-datenschutz.de/services/external-data-protection-officer/?lang=en) od DGD Deutsche Gesellschaft für Datenschutz GmbH, Który został opracowany we współpracy z WILDE BEUGER SOLMECKE | Lawyers (https://www.wbs-law.de/) oraz used hardware dealer RC GmbH (http://remarketing.company/). Wygenerowany polityka prywatności została zmieniona i rozszerzona o Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG.