Seuraavia englanninkielisiä tietosuojakäytäntöjä sovelletaan. Oman suuntauksen lisäämiseksi olemme myös lisänneet tarkistamattoman käännöksen Google-kääntäjältä.

We are very delighted that you have shown interest in our enterprise. Data protection is of a particularly high priority for the management of the Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG. The use of the Repetier software (Repetier-Host, Repetier-Server, Repetier-Informer) and Repetier websites (https://www.repetier.com, http://www.repetier-server.com, https://my.repetier.com, https://forum.repetier.com, http://www.repetier-apps.com, ...) managed by Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG are possible without any indication of personal data; however, if a data subject wants to use special enterprise services via our software, app or website, processing of personal data could become necessary. If the processing of personal data is necessary and there is no statutory basis for such processing, we generally obtain consent from the data subject.

The processing of personal data, such as the name, address, e-mail address, device ID or telephone number of a data subject shall always be in line with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), and in accordance with the country-specific data protection regulations applicable to the Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG. By means of this data protection declaration, our enterprise would like to inform the general public of the nature, scope, and purpose of the personal data we collect, use and process. Furthermore, data subjects are informed, by means of this data protection declaration, of the rights to which they are entitled.

As the controller, the Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG has implemented numerous technical and organizational measures to ensure the most complete protection of personal data processed through the Repetier software, apps and websites, which are stored on dedicated web servers operated by Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG. However, Internet-based data transmissions may in principle have security gaps, so absolute protection may not be guaranteed.

1. Definitions
The data protection declaration of the Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG is based on the terms used by the European legislator for the adoption of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). Our data protection declaration should be legible and understandable for the general public, as well as our customers and business partners. To ensure this, we would like to first explain the terminology used.

In this data protection declaration, we use, inter alia, the following terms:

a) Personal data
Personal data means any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person (“data subject”). An identifiable natural person is one who can be identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier or to one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity of that natural person.

b) Data subject
Data subject is any identified or identifiable natural person, whose personal data is processed by the controller responsible for the processing.

c) Processing
Processing is any operation or set of operations which is performed on personal data or on sets of personal data, whether or not by automated means, such as collection, recording, organisation, structuring, storage, adaptation or alteration, retrieval, consultation, use, disclosure by transmission, dissemination or otherwise making available, alignment or combination, restriction, erasure or destruction.

d) Restriction of processing
Restriction of processing is the marking of stored personal data with the aim of limiting their processing in the future.

e) Profiling
Profiling means any form of automated processing of personal data consisting of the use of personal data to evaluate certain personal aspects relating to a natural person, in particular to analyse or predict aspects concerning that natural person's performance at work, economic situation, health, personal preferences, interests, reliability, behaviour, location or movements.

f) Pseudonymisation
Pseudonymisation is the processing of personal data in such a manner that the personal data can no longer be attributed to a specific data subject without the use of additional information, provided that such additional information is kept separately and is subject to technical and organisational measures to ensure that the personal data are not attributed to an identified or identifiable natural person.

g) Controller or controller responsible for the processing
Controller or controller responsible for the processing is the natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which, alone or jointly with others, determines the purposes and means of the processing of personal data; where the purposes and means of such processing are determined by Union or Member State law, the controller or the specific criteria for its nomination may be provided for by Union or Member State law.

h) Processor
Processor is a natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which processes personal data on behalf of the controller.

i) Recipient
Recipient is a natural or legal person, public authority, agency or another body, to which the personal data are disclosed, whether a third party or not. However, public authorities which may receive personal data in the framework of a particular inquiry in accordance with Union or Member State law shall not be regarded as recipients; the processing of those data by those public authorities shall be in compliance with the applicable data protection rules according to the purposes of the processing.

j) Third party
Third party is a natural or legal person, public authority, agency or body other than the data subject, controller, processor and persons who, under the direct authority of the controller or processor, are authorised to process personal data.

k) Consent
Consent of the data subject is any freely given, specific, informed and unambiguous indication of the data subject's wishes by which he or she, by a statement or by a clear affirmative action, signifies agreement to the processing of personal data relating to him or her.

2. Name and Address of the controller
Controller for the purposes of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), other data protection laws applicable in Member states of the European Union and other provisions related to data protection is:

Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG

Knickelsdorf 42

47877 Willich

Germany

Phone: +49 (0)2154 – 60 65 18

Email: info@repetier.com

Websites: https://www.repetier.com, http://www.repetier-server.com, https://my.repetier.com, https://forum.repetier.com, http://www.repetier-apps.com, ...

3. Name and Address of the Data Protection Officer
The Data Protection Officer of the controller is:

Marcus Littwin
Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG

Knickelsdorf 42

47877 Willich

Germany

Phone: +49 (0)2154 – 60 65 18

Email: info@repetier.com

Websites: https://www.repetier.com, http://www.repetier-server.com, https://my.repetier.com, https://forum.repetier.com, http://www.repetier-apps.com, ...

Any data subject may, at any time, contact our Data Protection Officer directly with all questions and suggestions concerning data protection.

4. Cookies
The Internet pages of the Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG use cookies. Cookies are text files that are stored in a computer system via an Internet browser.

Many Internet sites and servers use cookies. Many cookies contain a so-called cookie ID. A cookie ID is a unique identifier of the cookie. It consists of a character string through which internet pages and servers can be assigned to the specific Internet browser in which the cookie was stored. This allows visited Internet sites and servers to differentiate the individual browser of the dats subject from other Internet browsers that contain other cookies. A specific internet browser can be recognized and identified using the unique cookie ID.

Through the use of cookies, the Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG can provide the users of this website with more user-friendly services that would not be possible without the cookie setting.

By means of a cookie, the information and offers on our website can be optimized with the user in mind. Cookies allow us, as previously mentioned, to recognize our website users. The purpose of this recognition is to make it easier for users to utilize our website. The website user that uses cookies, e.g. does not have to enter access data each time the website is accessed, because this is taken over by the website, and the cookie is thus stored on the user's computer system. Another example is the cookie of a shopping cart in an online shop. The online store remembers the articles that a customer has placed in the virtual shopping cart via a cookie.

The data subject may, at any time, prevent the setting of cookies through our website by means of a corresponding setting of the internet browser used, and may thus permanently deny the setting of cookies. Furthermore, already set cookies may be deleted at any time via an internet browser or other software programs. This is possible in all popular Internet browsers. If the data subject deactivates the setting of cookies in the Internet browser used, not all functions of our website may be entirely usable.

5. Collection of general data and information
The websites and the Repetier API (Application Programming Interface) of the Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG collects a series of general data and information when a data subject or automated system calls up the website or API. This general data and information are stored in the server log files. Collected may be (1) the browser types and versions used, (2) the operating system used by the accessing system, (3) the website from which an accessing system reaches our website (so-called referrers), (4) the sub-websites, (5) the date and time of access to the Internet site, (6) an Internet protocol address (IP address), (7) the Internet service provider of the accessing system, and (8) any other similar data and information that may be used in the event of attacks on our information technology systems.

When using these general data and information, the Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG does not draw any conclusions about the data subject. Rather, this information is needed to (1) deliver the content of our website correctly, (2) optimize the content of our website as well as its advertisement, (3) ensure the long-term viability of our information technology systems and website technology, and (4) provide law enforcement authorities with the information necessary for criminal prosecution in case of a cyber-attack. Therefore, the Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG analyzes anonymously collected data and information statistically, with the aim of increasing the data protection and data security of our enterprise, and to ensure an optimal level of protection for the personal data we process. The anonymous data of the server log files are stored separately from all personal data provided by a data subject.

6. Registration on our website
The data subject has the possibility to register on the websites of the controller with the indication of personal data. Which personal data are transmitted to the controller is determined by the respective input mask used for the registration. The personal data entered by the data subject are collected and stored exclusively for internal use by the controller, and for his own purposes. The controller may request transfer to one or more processors (e.g. a Apple or Google push message service) that also uses personal data for an internal purpose which is attributable to the controller. The controller will send an automatic confirmation e-mail to check the double opt-in procedure as to whether the owner of the specified e-mail address decided in favor of this option.

By registering on the website of the controller, the IP address—assigned by the Internet service provider (ISP) and used by the data subject—date, and time of the registration are also stored. The storage of this data takes place against the background that this is the only way to prevent the misuse of our services, and, if necessary, to make it possible to investigate committed offenses. Insofar, the storage of this data is necessary to secure the controller. This data is not passed on to third parties unless there is a statutory obligation to pass on the data, or if the transfer serves the aim of criminal prosecution.

The registration of the data subject, with the voluntary indication of personal data, is intended to enable the controller to offer the data subject contents or services that may only be offered to registered users due to the nature of the matter in question. Registered persons are free to change the personal data specified during the registration at any time, or to have them completely deleted from the data stock of the controller.

The data controller shall, at any time, provide information upon request to each data subject as to what personal data are stored about the data subject. In addition, the data controller shall correct or erase personal data at the request or indication of the data subject, insofar as there are no statutory storage obligations. A Data Protection Officer particularly designated in this data protection declaration, as well as the entirety of the controller’s employees are available to the data subject in this respect as contact persons.

7. Contact possibility via the website
The website of the Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG contains information that enables a quick electronic contact to our enterprise, as well as direct communication with us, which also includes a general address of the so-called electronic mail (e-mail address). If a data subject contacts the controller by e-mail or via a contact form, the personal data transmitted by the data subject are automatically stored. Such personal data transmitted on a voluntary basis by a data subject to the data controller are stored for the purpose of processing or contacting the data subject. There is no transfer of this personal data to third parties.

8. Comments function in the forum on the website
The Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG offers users the possibility to leave individual comments on individual forum contributions on a forum, which is on the website of the controller. A forum is a web-based, publicly-accessible portal, through which one or more people may post articles or write down thoughts in so-called forum posts. Forum posts may usually be commented by third parties.

If a data subject leaves a comment on the forum published on this website, the comments made by the data subject are also stored and published, as well as information on the date of the commentary and on the user's (pseudonym) chosen by the data subject. In addition, the IP address assigned by the Internet service provider (ISP) to the data subject is also logged. This storage of the IP address takes place for security reasons, and in case the data subject violates the rights of third parties, or posts illegal content through a given comment. The storage of these personal data is, therefore, in the own interest of the data controller, so that he can exculpate in the event of an infringement. This collected personal data will not be passed to third parties, unless such a transfer is required by law or serves the aim of the defense of the data controller.

9. Subscription to comments in the forum on the website
The comments made in the forum of the Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG may be subscribed to by third parties. In particular, there is the possibility that a commenter subscribes to the comments following his comments on a particular forum post.

The option to subscribe to comments may be terminated at any time.

10. Routine erasure and blocking of personal data
The data controller shall process and store the personal data of the data subject only for the period necessary to achieve the purpose of storage, or as far as this is granted by the European legislator or other legislators in laws or regulations to which the controller is subject to.

If the storage purpose is not applicable, or if a storage period prescribed by the European legislator or another competent legislator expires, the personal data are routinely blocked or erased in accordance with legal requirements.

11. Rights of the data subject
a) Right of confirmation
Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator to obtain from the controller the confirmation as to whether or not personal data concerning him or her are being processed. If a data subject wishes to avail himself of this right of confirmation, he or she may, at any time, contact our Data Protection Officer or another employee of the controller.

b) Right of access
Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator to obtain from the controller free information about his or her personal data stored at any time and a copy of this information. Furthermore, the European directives and regulations grant the data subject access to the following information:

the purposes of the processing;
the categories of personal data concerned;
the recipients or categories of recipients to whom the personal data have been or will be disclosed, in particular recipients in third countries or international organisations;
where possible, the envisaged period for which the personal data will be stored, or, if not possible, the criteria used to determine that period;
the existence of the right to request from the controller rectification or erasure of personal data, or restriction of processing of personal data concerning the data subject, or to object to such processing;
the existence of the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority;
where the personal data are not collected from the data subject, any available information as to their source;
the existence of automated decision-making, including profiling, referred to in Article 22(1) and (4) of the GDPR and, at least in those cases, meaningful information about the logic involved, as well as the significance and envisaged consequences of such processing for the data subject.
Furthermore, the data subject shall have a right to obtain information as to whether personal data are transferred to a third country or to an international organisation. Where this is the case, the data subject shall have the right to be informed of the appropriate safeguards relating to the transfer.

If a data subject wishes to avail himself of this right of access, he or she may at any time contact our Data Protection Officer or another employee of the controller.

c) Right to rectification
Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator to obtain from the controller without undue delay the rectification of inaccurate personal data concerning him or her. Taking into account the purposes of the processing, the data subject shall have the right to have incomplete personal data completed, including by means of providing a supplementary statement.

If a data subject wishes to exercise this right to rectification, he or she may, at any time, contact our Data Protection Officer or another employee of the controller.

d) Right to erasure (Right to be forgotten)
Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator to obtain from the controller the erasure of personal data concerning him or her without undue delay, and the controller shall have the obligation to erase personal data without undue delay where one of the following grounds applies, as long as the processing is not necessary:

The personal data are no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which they were collected or otherwise processed.
The data subject withdraws consent to which the processing is based according to point (a) of Article 6(1) of the GDPR, or point (a) of Article 9(2) of the GDPR, and where there is no other legal ground for the processing.
The data subject objects to the processing pursuant to Article 21(1) of the GDPR and there are no overriding legitimate grounds for the processing, or the data subject objects to the processing pursuant to Article 21(2) of the GDPR.
The personal data have been unlawfully processed.
The personal data must be erased for compliance with a legal obligation in Union or Member State law to which the controller is subject.
The personal data have been collected in relation to the offer of information society services referred to in Article 8(1) of the GDPR.
If one of the aforementioned reasons applies, and a data subject wishes to request the erasure of personal data stored by the Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG, he or she may at any time contact our Data Protection Officer or another employee of the controller. The Data Protection Officer of the Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG or another employee shall promptly ensure that the erasure request is complied with immediately.

Where the controller has made personal data public and is obliged pursuant to Article 17(1) to erase the personal data, the controller, taking account of available technology and the cost of implementation, shall take reasonable steps, including technical measures, to inform other controllers processing the personal data that the data subject has requested erasure by such controllers of any links to, or copy or replication of, those personal data, as far as processing is not required. The Data Protection Officer of the Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG or another employee will arrange the necessary measures in individual cases.

e) Right of restriction of processing
Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator to obtain from the controller restriction of processing where one of the following applies:

The accuracy of the personal data is contested by the data subject, for a period enabling the controller to verify the accuracy of the personal data.
The processing is unlawful and the data subject opposes the erasure of the personal data and requests instead the restriction of their use instead.
The controller no longer needs the personal data for the purposes of the processing, but they are required by the data subject for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.
The data subject has objected to processing pursuant to Article 21(1) of the GDPR pending the verification whether the legitimate grounds of the controller override those of the data subject.
If one of the aforementioned conditions is met, and a data subject wishes to request the restriction of the processing of personal data stored by the Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG, he or she may at any time contact our Data Protection Officer or another employee of the controller. The Data Protection Officer of the Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG or another employee will arrange the restriction of the processing.

f) Right to data portability
Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator, to receive the personal data concerning him or her, which was provided to a controller, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format. He or she shall have the right to transmit those data to another controller without hindrance from the controller to which the personal data have been provided, as long as the processing is based on consent pursuant to point (a) of Article 6(1) of the GDPR or point (a) of Article 9(2) of the GDPR, or on a contract pursuant to point (b) of Article 6(1) of the GDPR, and the processing is carried out by automated means, as long as the processing is not necessary for the performance of a task carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in the controller.

Furthermore, in exercising his or her right to data portability pursuant to Article 20(1) of the GDPR, the data subject shall have the right to have personal data transmitted directly from one controller to another, where technically feasible and when doing so does not adversely affect the rights and freedoms of others.

In order to assert the right to data portability, the data subject may at any time contact the Data Protection Officer designated by the Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG or another employee.

g) Right to object
Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator to object, on grounds relating to his or her particular situation, at any time, to processing of personal data concerning him or her, which is based on point (e) or (f) of Article 6(1) of the GDPR. This also applies to profiling based on these provisions.

The Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG shall no longer process the personal data in the event of the objection, unless we can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for the processing which override the interests, rights and freedoms of the data subject, or for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.

If the Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG processes personal data for direct marketing purposes, the data subject shall have the right to object at any time to processing of personal data concerning him or her for such marketing. This applies to profiling to the extent that it is related to such direct marketing. If the data subject objects to the Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG to the processing for direct marketing purposes, the Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG will no longer process the personal data for these purposes.

In addition, the data subject has the right, on grounds relating to his or her particular situation, to object to processing of personal data concerning him or her by the Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG for scientific or historical research purposes, or for statistical purposes pursuant to Article 89(1) of the GDPR, unless the processing is necessary for the performance of a task carried out for reasons of public interest.

In order to exercise the right to object, the data subject may directly contact the Data Protection Officer of the Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG or another employee. In addition, the data subject is free in the context of the use of information society services, and notwithstanding Directive 2002/58/EC, to use his or her right to object by automated means using technical specifications.

h) Automated individual decision-making, including profiling
Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator not to be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing, including profiling, which produces legal effects concerning him or her, or similarly significantly affects him or her, as long as the decision (1) is not is necessary for entering into, or the performance of, a contract between the data subject and a data controller, or (2) is not authorised by Union or Member State law to which the controller is subject and which also lays down suitable measures to safeguard the data subject's rights and freedoms and legitimate interests, or (3) is not based on the data subject's explicit consent.

If the decision (1) is necessary for entering into, or the performance of, a contract between the data subject and a data controller, or (2) it is based on the data subject's explicit consent, the Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG shall implement suitable measures to safeguard the data subject's rights and freedoms and legitimate interests, at least the right to obtain human intervention on the part of the controller, to express his or her point of view and contest the decision.

If the data subject wishes to exercise the rights concerning automated individual decision-making, he or she may at any time directly contact our Data Protection Officer of the Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG or another employee of the controller.

i) Right to withdraw data protection consent
Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator to withdraw his or her consent to processing of his or her personal data at any time.

f the data subject wishes to exercise the right to withdraw the consent, he or she may at any time directly contact our Data Protection Officer of the Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG or another employee of the controller.

12. Data protection for applications and the application procedures
The data controller shall collect and process the personal data of applicants for the purpose of the processing of the application procedure. The processing may also be carried out electronically. This is the case, in particular, if an applicant submits corresponding application documents by e-mail or by means of a web form on the website to the controller. If the data controller concludes an employment contract with an applicant, the submitted data will be stored for the purpose of processing the employment relationship in compliance with legal requirements. If no employment contract is concluded with the applicant by the controller, the application documents shall be automatically erased two months after notification of the refusal decision, provided that no other legitimate interests of the controller are opposed to the erasure. Other legitimate interest in this relation is, e.g. a burden of proof in a procedure under the General Equal Treatment Act (AGG).

13. Data protection provisions about the application and use of Facebook
On this website, the controller has integrated components of the enterprise Facebook. Facebook is a social network.

A social network is a place for social meetings on the Internet, an online community, which usually allows users to communicate with each other and interact in a virtual space. A social network may serve as a platform for the exchange of opinions and experiences, or enable the Internet community to provide personal or business-related information. Facebook allows social network users to include the creation of private profiles, upload photos, and network through friend requests.

The operating company of Facebook is Facebook, Inc., 1 Hacker Way, Menlo Park, CA 94025, United States. If a person lives outside of the United States or Canada, the controller is the Facebook Ireland Ltd., 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour, Dublin 2, Ireland.

With each call-up to one of the individual pages of this Internet website, which is operated by the controller and into which a Facebook component (Facebook plug-ins) was integrated, the web browser on the information technology system of the data subject is automatically prompted to download display of the corresponding Facebook component from Facebook through the Facebook component. An overview of all the Facebook Plug-ins may be accessed under https://developers.facebook.com/docs/plugins/. During the course of this technical procedure, Facebook is made aware of what specific sub-site of our website was visited by the data subject.

If the data subject is logged in at the same time on Facebook, Facebook detects with every call-up to our website by the data subject—and for the entire duration of their stay on our Internet site—which specific sub-site of our Internet page was visited by the data subject. This information is collected through the Facebook component and associated with the respective Facebook account of the data subject. If the data subject clicks on one of the Facebook buttons integrated into our website, e.g. the "Like" button, or if the data subject submits a comment, then Facebook matches this information with the personal Facebook user account of the data subject and stores the personal data.

Facebook always receives, through the Facebook component, information about a visit to our website by the data subject, whenever the data subject is logged in at the same time on Facebook during the time of the call-up to our website. This occurs regardless of whether the data subject clicks on the Facebook component or not. If such a transmission of information to Facebook is not desirable for the data subject, then he or she may prevent this by logging off from their Facebook account before a call-up to our website is made.

The data protection guideline published by Facebook, which is available at https://facebook.com/about/privacy/, provides information about the collection, processing and use of personal data by Facebook. In addition, it is explained there what setting options Facebook offers to protect the privacy of the data subject. In addition, different configuration options are made available to allow the elimination of data transmission to Facebook. These applications may be used by the data subject to eliminate a data transmission to Facebook.

14. Data protection provisions about the application and use of Matomo
On this website, the controller has integrated the Matomo component. Matomo is an open-source software tool for web analysis. Web analysis is the collection, gathering and evaluation of data on the behavior of visitors from Internet sites. A web analysis tool collects, inter alia, data on the website from which a data subject came to a website (so-called referrer), which pages of the website were accessed or how often and for which period of time a sub-page was viewed. A web analysis is mainly used for the optimization of a website and the cost-benefit analysis of Internet advertising.

The software is operated on the server of the controller, the data protection-sensitive log files are stored exclusively on this server.

The purpose of the Matomo component is the analysis of the visitor flows on our website. The controller uses the obtained data and information, inter alia, to evaluate the use of this website in order to compile online reports, which show the activities on our Internet pages.

Matomo sets a cookie on the information technology system of the data subject. The definition of cookies is explained above. With the setting of the cookie, an analysis of the use of our website is enabled. With each call-up to one of the individual pages of this website, the Internet browser on the information technology system of the data subject is automatically through the Matomo component prompted to submit data for the purpose of online analysis to our server. During the course of this technical procedure, we obtain knowledge about personal information, such as the IP address of the data subject, which serves to understand the origin of visitors and clicks. Matomo uses only anonymous IP data. Matomo stores in the database each new visitor IP address (ipv4 or ipv6 format) with the last components removed to protect user’s privacy.

The cookie is used to store personal information, such as the access time, the location from which access was made, and the frequency of visits to our website. With each visit of our Internet pages, these personal data, including the IP address of the Internet access used by the data subject, are transferred to our server. These personal data will be stored by us with IP anonymisation. We do not forward this personal data to third parties.

The data subject may, as stated above, prevent the setting of cookies through our website at any time by means of a corresponding adjustment of the web browser used and thus permanently deny the setting of cookies. Such an adjustment to the used Internet browser would also prevent Matomo from setting a cookie on the information technology system of the data subject. In addition, cookies already in use by Matomo may be deleted at any time via a web browser or other software programs.

In addition, the data subject has the possibility of objecting to a collection of data relating to a use of this Internet site that are generated by Matomo as well as the processing of these data by Matomo and the chance to preclude any such. For this, the data subject must set an opt-out cookie:

The opt-out cookie that is set for this purpose is placed on the information technology system used by the data subject. If the cookies are deleted on the system of the data subject, then the data subject must call-up the link again and set a new opt-out cookie.

With each setting of the opt-out cookie, however, there is the possibility that the websites of the controller are no longer fully usable for the data subject.

Further information and the applicable data protection provisions of Matomo may be retrieved under https://matomo.org/privacy/.

15. Data protection provisions about the application and use of Twitter
On this website, the controller has integrated components of Twitter. Twitter is a multilingual, publicly-accessible microblogging service on which users may publish and spread so-called ‘tweets,’ e.g. short messages, which are limited to 140 characters. These short messages are available for everyone, including those who are not logged on to Twitter. The tweets are also displayed to so-called followers of the respective user. Followers are other Twitter users who follow a user's tweets. Furthermore, Twitter allows you to address a wide audience via hashtags, links or retweets.

The operating company of Twitter is Twitter, Inc., 1355 Market Street, Suite 900, San Francisco, CA 94103, UNITED STATES.

With each call-up to one of the individual pages of this Internet site, which is operated by the controller and on which a Twitter component (Twitter button) was integrated, the Internet browser on the information technology system of the data subject is automatically prompted to download a display of the corresponding Twitter component of Twitter. Further information about the Twitter buttons is available under https://about.twitter.com/de/resources/buttons. During the course of this technical procedure, Twitter gains knowledge of what specific sub-page of our website was visited by the data subject. The purpose of the integration of the Twitter component is a retransmission of the contents of this website to allow our users to introduce this web page to the digital world and increase our visitor numbers.

If the data subject is logged in at the same time on Twitter, Twitter detects with every call-up to our website by the data subject and for the entire duration of their stay on our Internet site which specific sub-page of our Internet page was visited by the data subject. This information is collected through the Twitter component and associated with the respective Twitter account of the data subject. If the data subject clicks on one of the Twitter buttons integrated on our website, then Twitter assigns this information to the personal Twitter user account of the data subject and stores the personal data.

Twitter receives information via the Twitter component that the data subject has visited our website, provided that the data subject is logged in on Twitter at the time of the call-up to our website. This occurs regardless of whether the person clicks on the Twitter component or not. If such a transmission of information to Twitter is not desirable for the data subject, then he or she may prevent this by logging off from their Twitter account before a call-up to our website is made.

The applicable data protection provisions of Twitter may be accessed under https://twitter.com/privacy?lang=en.

16. Data protection provisions about the application and use of YouTube
On this website, the controller has integrated components of YouTube. YouTube is an Internet video portal that enables video publishers to set video clips and other users free of charge, which also provides free viewing, review and commenting on them. YouTube allows you to publish all kinds of videos, so you can access both full movies and TV broadcasts, as well as music videos, trailers, and videos made by users via the Internet portal.

The operating company of YouTube is YouTube, LLC, 901 Cherry Ave., San Bruno, CA 94066, UNITED STATES. The YouTube, LLC is a subsidiary of Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Pkwy, Mountain View, CA 94043-1351, UNITED STATES.

With each call-up to one of the individual pages of this Internet site, which is operated by the controller and on which a YouTube component (YouTube video) was integrated, the Internet browser on the information technology system of the data subject is automatically prompted to download a display of the corresponding YouTube component. Further information about YouTube may be obtained under https://www.youtube.com/intl/en/yt/about/. During the course of this technical procedure, YouTube and Google gain knowledge of what specific sub-page of our website was visited by the data subject.

If the data subject is logged in on YouTube, YouTube recognizes with each call-up to a sub-page that contains a YouTube video, which specific sub-page of our Internet site was visited by the data subject. This information is collected by YouTube and Google and assigned to the respective YouTube account of the data subject.

YouTube and Google will receive information through the YouTube component that the data subject has visited our website, if the data subject at the time of the call to our website is logged in on YouTube; this occurs regardless of whether the person clicks on a YouTube video or not. If such a transmission of this information to YouTube and Google is not desirable for the data subject, the delivery may be prevented if the data subject logs off from their own YouTube account before a call-up to our website is made.

YouTube's data protection provisions, available at https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/, provide information about the collection, processing and use of personal data by YouTube and Google.

17. Data protection provisions about the application and use of Google Cloud Messaging (CGM)
In the android Repetier-Informer app, the controller has integrated components of Google. The android Repetier-Informer app uses Google Cloud Messaging (GCM) to provide information to mobile end devices, which can then use it in the Repetier-Informer app.

The operating company of Google is Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Pkwy, Mountain View, CA 94043-1351, UNITED STATES.

When setting up the Repetier-Informer app, an existing group with corresponding group ID is entered or a new group is created. Here we receive from Google the device ID to which we can send push messages.

With each message we transmit the message text and if specified a link via GCM to a specific Google device ID, so that the Repetier-Informer app receives this data.

Google's data protection provisions, available at https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/, provide information about the collection, processing and use of personal data by Google.

18. Data protection provisions about the application and use of Apple Push Notification service (APNs)
In the iOS Repetier-Informer app, the controller has integrated components of Apple. The iOS Repetier-Informer app uses Apple Push Notification service (APNs) to provide information to mobile end devices, which can then use it in the Repetier-Informer app.

The operating company of Apple is Apple, 1 Infinite Loop, Cupertino, CA 95014, UNITED STATES.

When setting up the Repetier-Informer app, an existing group with corresponding group ID is entered or a new group is created. Here we receive from Apple the device ID to which we can send push messages.

With each message we transmit the message text and if specified a link via APNs to a specific Apple device ID, so that the Repetier-Informer app receives this data.

Apple’s data protection provisions, available at https://www.apple.com/privacy/, provide information about the collection, processing and use of personal data by Apple.

19. Stop receiving push messages from Repetier-Informer
The only aim of the Repetier-Informer app is that the programs like Repetier-Server and Repetier-Host, both developed by Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG, send status messages of your 3d printer via push message to your smartphones and / or tablets.

If you do not want to receive push messages on your smartphone or tablet, you can delete the assigned groups in the app settings, you can uninstall the app or you can deactivate push messages in Repetier-Host and / or Repetier-Server.

20. Payment Method: Data protection provisions about the use of PayPal as a payment processor
On this website, the controller has integrated components of PayPal. PayPal is an online payment service provider. Payments are processed via so-called PayPal accounts, which represent virtual private or business accounts. PayPal is also able to process virtual payments through credit cards when a user does not have a PayPal account. A PayPal account is managed via an e-mail address, which is why there are no classic account numbers. PayPal makes it possible to trigger online payments to third parties or to receive payments. PayPal also accepts trustee functions and offers buyer protection services.

The European operating company of PayPal is PayPal (Europe) S.à.r.l. & Cie. S.C.A., 22-24 Boulevard Royal, 2449 Luxembourg, Luxembourg.

If the data subject chooses "PayPal" as the payment option in the online shop during the ordering process, we automatically transmit the data of the data subject to PayPal. By selecting this payment option, the data subject agrees to the transfer of personal data required for payment processing.

The personal data transmitted to PayPal is usually first name, last name, address, email address, IP address, telephone number, mobile phone number, or other data necessary for payment processing. The processing of the purchase contract also requires such personal data, which are in connection with the respective order.

The transmission of the data is aimed at payment processing and fraud prevention. The controller will transfer personal data to PayPal, in particular, if a legitimate interest in the transmission is given. The personal data exchanged between PayPal and the controller for the processing of the data will be transmitted by PayPal to economic credit agencies. This transmission is intended for identity and creditworthiness checks.

PayPal will, if necessary, pass on personal data to affiliates and service providers or subcontractors to the extent that this is necessary to fulfill contractual obligations or for data to be processed in the order.

The data subject has the possibility to revoke consent for the handling of personal data at any time from PayPal. A revocation shall not have any effect on personal data which must be processed, used or transmitted in accordance with (contractual) payment processing.

The applicable data protection provisions of PayPal may be retrieved under https://www.paypal.com/us/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-full.

21. Data transmission of Repetier-Host
Repetier-Host only connects to the web servers of Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG to check for updates or to download advertising contents. If the data subject uses a customized host version of a third party, the host may connect to a web server of a third party to check for updates. In the program are some links to web pages which can be opened in the standard browser by clicking on them.

Repetier-Host can communicate with Repetier-Server instances, that may run on other computers, if they were explicitly connected. Repetier-Host can send and / or receive data to / from Repetier-Server like g-codes, models, images, printer information, information about all stored models, … to control 3d printers and manage stored data.

Repetier-Host can send 3d status messages to the Repetier-Informer app, if the connection was explicitly configured.

22. Data transmission of Repetier-Server
Repetier-Server only connects to the web servers of Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG to check for updates and to validate an entered license key. If the data subject uses a customized Repetier-Server version of a third party, the server may connect to a web server of a third party to check for updates. In the program are some links to web pages which can be opened in the standard browser by clicking on them.

Repetier-Server can communicate with Repetier-Host instances, that may run on other computers, if they were explicitly connected. Repetier-Server can send and / or receive data to / from Repetier-Host like g-codes, models, images, printer information, information about all stored models, … to control 3d printers and manage stored data.

Repetier-Server can send 3d status messages to the Repetier-Informer app, if the connection was explicitly configured.

Repetier-Server works like a web server and can be accessed by any recent web browser. Depending on the user’s network configuration, this can be internal only or globally. For this reason we highly recommend to enable user authentication in Repetier-Server.

The data subject can connect Repetier-Server to the Repetier cloud services to get full access to connected Repetier-Server instances from everywhere to authorized users via https://my.repetier.com. To allow this functionality, the Repetier cloud services need to store additional data and also may cache server states, images and process data sent from the Repetier-Server.

23. Legal basis for the processing
Art. 6(1) lit. a GDPR serves as the legal basis for processing operations for which we obtain consent for a specific processing purpose. If the processing of personal data is necessary for the performance of a contract to which the data subject is party, as is the case, for example, when processing operations are necessary for the supply of goods or to provide any other service, the processing is based on Article 6(1) lit. b GDPR. The same applies to such processing operations which are necessary for carrying out pre-contractual measures, for example in the case of inquiries concerning our products or services. Is our company subject to a legal obligation by which processing of personal data is required, such as for the fulfillment of tax obligations, the processing is based on Art. 6(1) lit. c GDPR. In rare cases, the processing of personal data may be necessary to protect the vital interests of the data subject or of another natural person. This would be the case, for example, if a visitor were injured in our company and his name, age, health insurance data or other vital information would have to be passed on to a doctor, hospital or other third party. Then the processing would be based on Art. 6(1) lit. d GDPR. Finally, processing operations could be based on Article 6(1) lit. f GDPR. This legal basis is used for processing operations which are not covered by any of the abovementioned legal grounds, if processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by our company or by a third party, except where such interests are overridden by the interests or fundamental rights and freedoms of the data subject which require protection of personal data. Such processing operations are particularly permissible because they have been specifically mentioned by the European legislator. He considered that a legitimate interest could be assumed if the data subject is a client of the controller (Recital 47 Sentence 2 GDPR).

24. The legitimate interests pursued by the controller or by a third party
Where the processing of personal data is based on Article 6(1) lit. f GDPR our legitimate interest is to carry out our business in favor of the well-being of all our employees and the shareholders.

25. Period for which the personal data will be stored
The criteria used to determine the period of storage of personal data is the respective statutory retention period. After expiration of that period, the corresponding data is routinely deleted, as long as it is no longer necessary for the fulfillment of the contract or the initiation of a contract.

26. Provision of personal data as statutory or contractual requirement; Requirement necessary to enter into a contract; Obligation of the data subject to provide the personal data; possible consequences of failure to provide such data
We clarify that the provision of personal data is partly required by law (e.g. tax regulations) or can also result from contractual provisions (e.g. information on the contractual partner). Sometimes it may be necessary to conclude a contract that the data subject provides us with personal data, which must subsequently be processed by us. The data subject is, for example, obliged to provide us with personal data when our company signs a contract with him or her. The non-provision of the personal data would have the consequence that the contract with the data subject could not be concluded. Before personal data is provided by the data subject, the data subject must contact our Data Protection Officer. Our Data Protection Officer clarifies to the data subject whether the provision of the personal data is required by law or contract or is necessary for the conclusion of the contract, whether there is an obligation to provide the personal data and the consequences of non-provision of the personal data.

27. Existence of automated decision-making
As a responsible company, we do not use automatic decision-making or profiling.

This Privacy Policy has been generated by the Privacy Policy Generator of the External Data Protection Officer (https://dg-datenschutz.de/services/external-data-protection-officer/?lang=en) from DGD Deutsche Gesellschaft für Datenschutz GmbH, which has been developed in cooperation with WILDE BEUGER SOLMECKE | Lawyers (https://www.wbs-law.de/) and the used hardware dealer RC GmbH (http://remarketing.company/). The generated privacy policy has been changed and extended by Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG.

Tässä on muuntamaton kääntäminen, jonka Google Translate:

Olemme erittäin iloisia siitä, että olette osoittaneet kiinnostusta meidän yritys. Tietosuoja on erityisen suuri prioriteetti hallintaan Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG. Käyttö Repetier ohjelmistot ( Repetier-Host, Repetier-Server, Repetier-Informer) ja Repetier sivustot (https://www.repetier.com, http://www.repetier-server.com, https://my.repetier.com, https://forum.repetier.com, http://www.repetier-apps.com, ...) hallinnoi Hot-World GmbH & Co. KGovat mahdollisia ilman mitään viitteitä henkilötietojen; Kuitenkin, jos rekisteröidylle haluaa käyttää erityisiä yrityspalveluihin kautta ohjelmistoja, sovellus tai verkkosivuilla, henkilötietojen käsittely saattaa olla tarpeen. Jos henkilötietojen käsittely on välttämätöntä ja ei ole lakisääteistä perusta tällaiseen käsittelyyn, me yleensä saada suostumus rekisteröidyltä.

Käsittelyä henkilötietoja, kuten nimi, osoite, sähköpostiosoite, laite tai puhelinnumero on rekisteröidyllä on aina oltava sopusoinnussa yleinen tietosuoja-asetus (GDPR), ja noudattaen maakohtaisten tietosuojaa määräyksiä, jotka koskevat Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG. Tämän avulla tietosuojan julistuksen, meidän yritys haluaa tiedottaa suurelle yleisölle luonteesta, laajuudesta ja tarkoituksesta henkilötietoja keräämme, käytämme ja prosessi. Lisäksi rekisteröidyille tiedotetaan, jonka avulla tämä tietosuoja ilmoitus, oikeuksien, joihin he ovat oikeutettuja.

Koska valvojalle, Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG on toteuttanut lukuisia teknisiä ja organisatorisia toimenpiteitä, joilla varmistetaan mahdollisimman täydellisesti henkilötietojen suojaamisesta kautta käsitellään Repetier ohjelmistoja, sovelluksia ja sivustoja, jotka tallennetaan omistettu web-palvelimia hoitaa Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG. Kuitenkin Internet-pohjaisiin lähetykset voivat periaatteessa olla turva-aukkojen, joten absoluuttista suojaa ei voida taata.

1. Määritelmät
Tietosuojaan julistus Hot-World GmbH & Co. KGon optioehtojen perusteella, joita Euroopan lainsäätäjä hyväksymisen yleinen tietosuoja-asetus (GDPR). Meidän tietosuojan ilmoituksen täytyy ymmärrettävästi suurelle yleisölle sekä asiakkaiden ja liikekumppanien. Tämän varmistamiseksi haluaisimme ensin selittää terminologiaa.

Tässä tietosuoja ilmoitus, käytämme muun muassa seuraavaa:

a) henkilötiedot
Henkilötiedot tarkoitetaan kaikenlaisia ​​tunnistettua tai tunnistettavissa olevaa luonnollista henkilöä ( ”rekisteröity”). Tunnistettavissa luonnollinen henkilö on se, joka voidaan tunnistaa, suoraan tai epäsuorasti, erityisesti viittaamalla tunnisteen, kuten nimen, tunnistenumero, paikkatietoja, online-tunnisteen tai yhden tai useamman spesifisten tekijöiden fyysisen, geneettiset, psyykkisen, taloudellisen, kulttuurisen tai sosiaalisen identiteetin että luonnollinen henkilö.

b) Tietoja voidaan
Rekisteröity on havaittujen tai tunnistettavissa olevaa luonnollista henkilöä, joiden henkilötietoja käsitellään ohjain käsittelystä vastaava.

c) Jalostus
Käsittely on mikä tahansa toimintoja tai toimintojen joka suoritetaan henkilötietoja tai sarjaa henkilötietojen, vai ei automaattisesti, kuten kerääminen, tallentaminen, järjestäminen, rakenteen, varastointi, muokkaamista tai muuttamista, haku, kysely, käyttö, luovuttaminen siirtämällä, levittämällä tai muutoin saataville, yhteensovittaminen tai yhdistäminen, rajoitus, poistaminen tai tuhoaminen.

d) rajoittaminen käsittely
Rajoittaminen käsittely on merkitsemistä tallennettujen henkilötietojen tarkoituksena rajoittaa niiden käsittely tulevaisuudessa.

e) Profilointi
Profilointivälineillä jokin automaattinen henkilötietojen käsittelyn koostuu henkilötietojen käytön arvioimiseksi tiettyjen henkilökohtaisten ominaisuuksiensa luonnolliselle henkilölle, erityisesti analysoida tai ennustaa näkökohtia että luonnollisen henkilön työssä suoriutumista, taloudellinen tilanne, terveys, henkilökohtaisten mieltymysten , edut, luotettavuus, käyttäytyminen, sijainnin tai liikkeitä.

f) salanimen
Salanimiä on henkilötietojen käsittelyä siten, että henkilötietoja ei enää voida katsoa tiettyä rekisteröidylle ilman lisätietoja edellyttäen, että tällaiset lisätiedot pidetään erillään ja kohdistuu teknisiä ja organisaatiota koskevat toimenpiteet että henkilötietoja ei lasketa tunnistettua tai tunnistettavissa olevaa luonnollista henkilöä.

g) valvojan tai ohjain käsittelystä vastaavan
Ohjaimen tai ohjaimen käsittelystä vastaavalle on luonnollinen henkilö tai oikeushenkilö, viranomaista, virastoa tai muuta toimielintä, joka yksin tai yhdessä muiden kanssa määrittelee tarkoitukset ja keinot henkilötietojen käsittelyn; jos käsittelyn tarkoitus ja keinot niiden käsittely määräytyvät unionin tai jäsenvaltion lainsäädännön, rekisterinpitäjä tai erityiset perusteet nimittämisensä voidaan säädetään unionin tai jäsenvaltion lainsäädännön.

h) Suoritin
Prosessori on luonnollinen henkilö tai oikeushenkilö, viranomaista, virastoa tai muuta elintä, joka käsittelee henkilötietoja rekisterinpitäjän lukuun,.

i) Vastaanottaja
Vastaanottaja on luonnollinen henkilö tai oikeushenkilö, viranomaista, virastoa tai muuta laitosta, jolle henkilötietoja luovutetaan, oli kyseessä sivullinen tai ei. Mutta viranomaiset, jotka voivat saada henkilötietoja puitteissa erityisen tutkimuksen mukaan unionin tai jäsenvaltioiden lainsäädännössä ei kuitenkaan pidetä vastaanottajina; käsittelyn kyseisten tietojen näiden viranomaisten tulee noudattaa sovellettavia tietosuojasäännöt mukaan tarkoitukset.

j) Kolmannen osapuolen
Kolmas osapuoli on luonnollinen henkilö tai oikeushenkilö, viranomaista, virastoa tai muuta elintä kuin rekisteröityä, ohjain, prosessori ja henkilöt, suorassa alaisuudessa ohjaimen tai prosessori, on lupa käsitellä henkilötietoja.

k) suostumus
Suostumusta rekisteröidylle tahansa vapaaehtoinen, yksilöity, tietoa ja yksiselitteisen rekisteröidyn toivomuksesta jossa hän, jonka lausunto tai selkeä myönteisiä toimia, merkitsee suostumuksensa henkilötietojen käsittelyyn liittyvien häntä .

2. Nimi ja osoite ohjaimen
Ohjain varten yleisen tietosuoja-asetus (GDPR), muut tietosuojalait sovelletaan jäsenvaltioissa Euroopan unionin ja muiden säännösten tietosuojaan liittyviä on:

Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG

Knickelsdorf 42

47877 Willich

Saksa

Puhelin: +49 (0) 2154 - 60 65 18

Sähköposti: info@repetier.com

Verkkosivut: https://www.repetier.com, http://www.repetier-server.com, https://my.repetier.com, https://forum.repetier.com, http://www.repetier-apps.com, ...

3. nimi ja osoite tietosuojavastaavaan
Tietosuojavastaavaan säätimen on:

Marcus Littwin
Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG

Knickelsdorf 42

47877 Willich

Saksa

Puhelin: +49 (0) 2154 - 60 65 18

Sähköposti: info@repetier.com

Verkkosivut: https://www.repetier.com, http://www.repetier-server.com, https://my.repetier.com, https://forum.repetier.com, http://www.repetier-apps.com, ...

Rekisteröity voi milloin tahansa, ota yhteyttä tietosuojasta vastaava henkilö suoraan kaikkiin kysymyksiin ja ehdotuksia tietosuojaa.

4. Evästeet
Internet-sivut Hot-World GmbH & Co. KGevästeitä. Evästeet ovat tekstitiedostoja, jotka tallennetaan tietokonejärjestelmään Internet- selaimella.

Monet internet-sivustot ja palvelimet käyttävät evästeitä. Monet evästeet sisältävät ns evästetunnuksen. Eväste ID on uniikki tunniste evästeen. Se koostuu merkkijonon, jonka kautta Internet-sivujen ja palvelinten voidaan osoittaa erityiset Internet-selain, jossa eväste säilytettiin. Tämä mahdollistaa vieraili Internet-sivustot ja palvelimet pystyy erottamaan henkilön selain DAT aihe muilta Internet-selaimet, jotka sisältävät muita evästeitä. Erityinen Internet-selain voidaan tunnistaa ja tunnistaa käyttämällä ainutlaatuista -evästetunnus.

Avulla evästeet, Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG voi tarjota tämän sivuston käyttäjien kanssa käyttäjäystävällisempiä palveluja, jotka eivät olisi mahdollisia ilman evästeen asetusta.

Avulla evästeen, tietoja ja tarjouksia sivuillamme voidaan optimoida käyttäjän mielessä. Evästeiden ansiosta, kuten edellä on mainittu, tunnistamaan sivuston käyttäjille. Tämän tunnustaminen on helpottaa käyttäjien hyödyntää sivuillamme. Sivusto käyttäjä, joka käyttää evästeitä, kuten ei tarvitse syöttää pääsy tietoihin joka kerta, kun sivusto pääsee, koska tämä on ottanut haltuunsa verkkosivuilla, ja eväste on siis tallennettu käyttäjän tietokonejärjestelmään. Toinen esimerkki on evästeen ostoskorin verkkokauppa. Verkkokaupasta muistaa artikkeleita, jotka asiakas on sijoitettu virtuaaliseen ostoskoriin kautta evästeen.

Rekisteröity voi milloin tahansa, estää evästeiden asettamisen kautta sivustomme avulla vastaava asetus on internet-selain käyttää, ja voi siten pysyvästi kieltää evästeiden asettamisen. Lisäksi jo asettaa evästeitä voidaan poistaa milloin tahansa internet-selaimella tai muita ohjelmistoja. Tämä on mahdollista kaikissa suosittu Internet-selaimet. Jos rekisteröity deaktivoi evästeiden asettamisen Internet-selaimessa käytetty, ei kaikkia toimintoja sivuillamme voi olla täysin käyttökelpoinen.

5. kerääminen yleisiä tietoja
Sivustot ja Repetier API (Application Programming Interface) on Hot-World GmbH & Co. KGkerää joukon yleisiä tietoja, kun rekisteröidyn tai automatisoitu järjestelmä tuo esiin verkkosivuilla tai API. Tämä yleinen tietoja tallennetaan palvelimen lokitiedostoja. Kerätty voidaan (1) selain tyyppejä ja käytettyihin versioihin, (2) käyttöjärjestelmän käyttämä sisäänpääsyä järjestelmän (3) verkkosivuilla, josta pääsykomponentti järjestelmä saavuttaa sivuilla (niin sanotut viitteet), (4) osa -websites, (5) päivämäärä ja aika Internet-sivuston, (6) Internet-protokollan (IP-osoite), (7) Internet-palvelun tarjoajan sisäänpääsyä järjestelmän, ja (8) minkä tahansa vastaavan datan ja tietoa, jota voidaan käyttää, jos hyökkäyksiä tietoliikennejärjestelmissä.

Käytettäessä näitä yleisiä tietoja ja tietojen Hot-World GmbH & Co. KGei tehdä johtopäätöksiä rekisteröidylle. Pikemminkin tämä tieto tarvitaan (1) toimittaa sisällön sivuillamme oikein, (2) optimoida sisältöä sivuillamme sekä sen mainos, (3) varmistaa pitkän aikavälin elinkelpoisuutta tietoliikennejärjestelmissä verkkosivustotekniikoissa ja (4) antaa lainvalvontaviranomaisille tarvittavat tiedot rikossyyte tapauksessa cyber-hyökkäys. Siksi Hot-World GmbH & Co. KGanalyysit anonyymisti koottu tieto tilastollisesti, jonka tavoitteena on lisätä tietosuojan ja tietoturvan meidän yritys, ja varmistaa optimaalisen suojan henkilötietoja olemme käsitelleet. Anonyymi tiedot palvelimen lokitiedostot tallennetaan erikseen kaikista henkilökohtaisista tiedoista rekisteröidyn henkilön.

6. rekisteröinti sivuillamme
Rekisteröidyllä on mahdollisuus rekisteröityä verkkosivuilla ohjaimen kanssa osoitus henkilötietoja. Henkilötietoja siirretään ohjaimeen määräytyy kunkin syöttömaskin käytetään rekisteröintiin. Henkilötiedot syöttää rekisteröidyn kerätään ja tallennetaan ainoastaan ​​sisäiseen käyttöön ohjaimen, ja omiin tarkoituksiinsa. Ohjain voi pyytää siirtoa yhden tai useamman prosessorin (esimerkiksi Apple tai Google push message service), joka myös käyttää henkilötietoja sisäiseen tarkoitukseen, joka johtuu ohjaimeen. Säädin lähettää automaattisen vahvistuksen sähköpostitse tarkistaa kaksinkertainen opt-in menettely, onko omistaja tietyn sähköpostiosoitteen päätyneet tätä vaihtoehtoa.

Rekisteröitymällä verkkosivuilla ohjaimen IP-osoite-määrittämä Internet-palveluntarjoajan (ISP) ja jota rekisteröidyn-päivämäärän ja ajan rekisteröinnin tallennetaan myös. Varastointia tietojen tapahtuu sitä taustaa vasten, että tämä on ainoa tapa estää väärinkäyttö palveluistamme, ja tarvittaessa, jotta olisi mahdollista tutkia tehdyt rikokset. Sikäli, varastointi tämä tieto on tarpeen, jotta ohjain. Näitä tietoja ei luovuteta kolmansille osapuolille, ellei ole lakisääteinen velvollisuus välittää tietoja tai jos siirto palvelee tavoitteena rikossyyte.

Rekisteröinnin rekisteröidylle, jossa vapaaehtoista ilmoittamista henkilötietoja, tarkoituksena on mahdollistaa ohjaimen tarjota rekisteröidylle sisältöjä tai palveluja, jotka voivat tarjota ainoastaan ​​rekisteröityneille käyttäjille, koska asian laadun osalta. Rekisteröityneet jäsenet voivat vapaasti vaihtaa henkilötietoja määritetyn rekisteröinnin yhteydessä milloin tahansa, tai toimittaa ne voidaan poistaa kokonaan tiedoista varastosta säätimen.

Rekisterinpitäjän on milloin tahansa, tietojen toimittamiseksi pyynnöstä jokaiselle rekisteröidylle, mitä henkilötietoja on tallennettu noin rekisteröidylle. Lisäksi rekisterinpitäjä oikaisee tai poistaa henkilötietoja pyynnöstä tai ilmoitus rekisteröidylle, mikäli ei ole lakisääteistä varastointi velvoitteita. Tietosuojavastaavan erityisesti nimetty tähän tietosuoja ilmoitus, samoin kuin koko säätimen työntekijät ovat käytettävissä rekisteröidylle tässä suhteessa yhteyshenkilöinä.

7. Ota mahdollisuus verkkosivuston kautta
Verkkosivuilla Hot-World GmbH & Co. KGsisältää tietoa, joka mahdollistaa nopean yhteystietojen meidän yritys, samoin kuin suoraan yhteydessä meihin, joka sisältää myös yleisen osoitteen ns sähköposti (sähköpostiosoite). Jos rekisteröity kontakteja rekisterinpitäjän sähköpostitse tai kautta yhteystietolomakkeen henkilötiedot lähettämä rekisteröidyn tallennetaan automaattisesti. Kuten henkilötietoja lähetetään vapaaehtoisesti rekisteröidyn datan ohjaimelle tallennetaan käsittelyä varten tai yhteyttä rekisteröity. Ei ole siirtynyt tämän henkilötietoja kolmansille osapuolille.

8. Kommentteja toiminto foorumilla sivuilla
Hot-World GmbH & Co. KGtarjoaa käyttäjille mahdollisuuden jättää yksittäisiä kommentteja yksittäisistä foorumin kannanottoja foorumi, joka on verkkosivuilla ohjaimen. Foorumi on web-pohjainen, julkisesti saataville portaali, jonka kautta yksi tai useampi henkilö voi lähettää artikkeleita tai kirjoittaa ajatuksia ns foorumin viesteistä. Forum viestit voidaan yleensä kommentoi kolmansille osapuolille.

Jos rekisteröity jättää kommentin foorumi julkaistaan ​​tällä sivustolla, esittämät huomautukset rekisteröidyn myös tallennetaan ja julkaistaan, sekä tietoa, jona kommentteja ja käyttäjän (salanimi) valitsee rekisteröidyn . Lisäksi IP-osoite, jota Internet-palveluntarjoaja (ISP) rekisteröidyllä kirjataan myös. Tämä varastointi IP-osoitteen tapahtuu turvallisuussyistä, ja jos rekisteröidylle loukkaa kolmansien osapuolten oikeuksia tai viestejä laittoman sisällön kautta tietyn kommentti. Varastointia näitä henkilötietoja on, siis omaksi eduksi rekisterinpitäjän, jotta hän voi syyttömäksi, jos rikkomisen. Tämä kerättyjä henkilötietoja ei luovuteta kolmansille osapuolille,

9. Tilaus kommentteihin foorumilla sivuilla
Huomautuksista foorumilla on Hot-World GmbH & Co. KGvoi tilata kolmansille osapuolille. Erityisesti on mahdollista, että commenter yhtyy kommentit seuraa hänen huomautuksensa tietyssä foorumiviesti.

Mahdollisuus tilata kommentit voidaan irtisanoa milloin tahansa.

10. Rutiini poistaminen ja suojaaminen henkilötietojen
Rekisterinpitäjä käsittelee ja tallentaa henkilötietoja rekisteröidyn ainoastaan ​​tarvittavan ajan tavoitteen saavuttamiseksi varastointi- tai sikäli kuin tämä on myöntänyt EU: n lainsäätäjä tai muu lainsäätäjät lakeja tai asetuksia, johon ohjain on aihe on.

Jos varastointiaika tarkoitus ei ole sovellettavissa, tai jos varastoinnin määräaika Euroopan lainsäätäjän tai muun toimivaltaisen lainsäätäjän päättyy, henkilötietoja rutiininomaisesti estänyt tai poistanut mukaisesti lain vaatimukset.

11. oikeudet rekisteröidyn
a) Oikeus vahvistus
Kukin rekisteröidyllä on oikeus myöntää Euroopan lainsäätäjän saada rekisterinpitäjältä vahvistus siitä, onko henkilötiedot häntä koskevia käsitellään. Jos rekisteröity haluaa käyttää tätä oikeutta vahvistuksen, hän voi milloin tahansa yhteyttä tietosuojavastaavaan tai toinen työntekijä säätimen.

b) Oikeus
Kukin rekisteröidyllä on oikeus myöntää Euroopan lainsäätäjän saada rekisterinpitäjältä vapaasti tietoja hänen tallennettuja henkilötietoja milloin tahansa ja kopio näistä tiedoista. Lisäksi Euroopan direktiivien ja asetusten myöntää rekisteröidylle pääsyä seuraavat tiedot:

tarkoitetaan käsittelyn;
luokat henkilötietojen osalta;
vastaanottajat tai vastaanottajaryhmät, joille henkilötietoja on tai julkistetaan, erityisesti vastaanottajille kolmansissa maissa tai kansainvälisten järjestöjen
mahdollisuuksien mukaan suunnitellun jolta henkilötiedot tallennetaan, tai jos ei ole mahdollista, määritysperusteet kyseisellä kaudella;
olemassaolon oikeus pyytää ohjaimen korjaamista tai poistamista henkilötietojen tai rajoittaminen henkilötietojen käsittelyä koskevien tietojen, tai vastustaa tällaista käsittelyä;
olemassaolon oikeus tehdä valitus valvontaviranomaiselle;
jos henkilötietoja ei kerätä rekisteröidyltä hallussaan olevia tietoja, koska niiden lähteenä;
olemassaolo automaattisen päätöksenteon, kuten profilointi, artiklassa tarkoitettu 22 (1) ja (4) ja GDPR ja ainakin niissä tapauksissa, merkityksellistä tietoa liittyvä logiikka sekä merkityksen ja suunnitellut seuraukset niiden käsittely rekisteröidylle.
Lisäksi rekisteröidyllä on oikeus saada tietoa siitä, onko henkilötietoja siirretään kolmanteen maahan tai kansainväliselle järjestölle. Missä näin on, rekisteröidyllä on oikeus saada tietoa asianmukaisten takeiden siirtoon liittyvät.

Jos rekisteröity haluaa vedota tämä oikeus, hän voi milloin tahansa ottaa yhteyttä tietosuojavastaavaan tai toinen työntekijä säätimen.

c) Oikeus tietojen oikaisemiseen
Kukin rekisteröidyllä on oikeus myöntää Euroopan lainsäätäjän saada rekisterinpitäjältä viipymättä oikaisua virheelliset henkilötiedot häntä koskevien. Ottaen huomioon tarkoitukset, rekisteröidyllä on oikeus saada puutteelliset henkilötiedot päätökseen, myös keino antaa täydentävän lausunnon.

Jos rekisteröity haluaa käyttää tätä oikeutta oikaista, hän voi milloin tahansa yhteyttä tietosuojavastaavaan tai toinen työntekijä säätimen.

d) Oikeus poistamiseen (oikeus tulla unohdetuksi)
Kukin rekisteröidyllä on oikeus myöntää Euroopan lainsäätäjän saatava rekisterinpitäjä poistaa koskevia henkilötietoja häntä viipymättä ja ohjain on velvollisuus poistaa henkilötietoja ilman aiheetonta viivytystä, jos jokin seuraavista syistä sovelletaan, kunhan käsittely ei ole tarpeen:

Henkilötiedot eivät enää ole tarpeen suhteessa tarkoituksiin, joihin ne on kerätty tai muuten käsitelty.
Rekisteröidylle vetäytyy suostumuksensa, jossa käsittely perustuu kohdan mukaisesti (a) 6 artiklan (1) ja GDPR tai piste (a) artiklan 9 (2) ja GDPR, ja jossa ei ole muuta oikeudellista perustetta käsittelyä varten.
Rekisteröidylle vastustaa käsittelyä artiklan 21 (1) ja GDPR eikä ole pakottavien perusteltujen syiden käsittelyyn tai rekisteröity objektien käsittelyyn 21 artiklan nojalla (2) on GDPR.
Henkilötietoja on käsitelty laittomasti.
Henkilötietojen on poistettava varten lainmukaisen velvoitteen unionin tai jäsenvaltion lainsäädännön, johon ohjain on aihe.
Henkilötiedot on kerätty suhteen tarjouksen tietoyhteiskunnan palvelujen artiklassa tarkoitetut 8 (1) ja GDPR.
Jos jokin edellä mainituista syistä soveltaa, ja rekisteröidylle haluaa pyytää Henkilötietojen poistamista tallentamia Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG, Hän voi milloin tahansa ottaa yhteyttä tietosuojavastaavaan tai toinen työntekijä säätimen. Tietosuojavastaavaan n Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG tai toinen työntekijä on viipymättä varmistettava, että poistaminen pyyntö noudatetaan välittömästi.

Jos rekisterinpitäjä on tehnyt henkilötietoja julkisista ja on velvollinen 17 artiklan mukaisesti (1) poistaa henkilötietoja, ohjain, ottaen huomioon käytettävissä oleva teknologia ja kustannukset täytäntöönpanon, on ryhdyttävä kohtuullisiin toimiin, kuten teknisiä toimenpiteitä, ilmoittaa muille säätimet henkilötietojen käsittelyn että rekisteröity on pyytänyt poiston tällainen valvojien mitään linkkejä, tai kopioida tai replikointi, näitä henkilötietoja, sikäli kuin käsittelyä ei tarvita. Tietosuojavastaavaan n Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG tai toinen työntekijä järjestää tarvittavat toimenpiteet yksittäistapauksissa.

e) oikeus rajoittaminen käsittely
Kukin rekisteröidyllä on oikeus myöntää Euroopan lainsäätäjän saada rekisterinpitäjältä rajoittamisesta käsittelyn, jos yksi seuraavista pätee:

Tarkkuus henkilötietoja kiistää rekisteröidyn ajaksi, jonka kuluessa rekisterinpitäjä voi varmistaa niiden paikkansapitävyyden ja henkilötietoja.
Käsittely on laitonta ja rekisteröity vastustaa poistamista henkilötietojen ja pyytää sen sijaan rajoittamisesta niiden käytön sijaan.
Rekisterinpitäjä ei enää tarvitse henkilötietoja varten käsittelyn, mutta niitä tarvitaan rekisteröidyn perustamista, liikunta tai puolustamiseksi.
Rekisteröity on vastustanut käsittelyä 21 artiklan mukaisesti (1) ja GDPR vireillä todentaminen onko perusteltujen syiden ohjaimen ohittavat rekisteröidyn.
Jos jokin edellä mainituista ehdoista täyttyy, ja rekisteröidylle haluaa pyytää rajoittamisesta henkilötietojen käsittelyä tallentamia Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG, Hän voi milloin tahansa ottaa yhteyttä tietosuojavastaavaan tai toinen työntekijä säätimen. Tietosuojavastaavaan n Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG tai toinen työntekijä järjestää rajoittaminen käsittelyn.

f) Oikeus tietojen siirrettävyys
Kukin rekisteröidyllä on oikeus myöntää Euroopan lainsäätäjän vastaanottamaan henkilötietoja häntä koskevia, joka toimitettiin ohjaimeen, organisoitua, yleisesti käytetty ja koneellisesti luettavassa muodossa. Hän on oikeus kyseisten tietojen lähettäminen toiseen ohjaimeen esteittä säätimestä jolle henkilötiedot on toimitettu, kunhan käsittely perustuu hyväksyntänsä pisteeseen (a) 6 artiklan (1) ja GDPR tai piste (a) artiklan 9 (2) ja GDPR, tai sopimuksen mukaisesti kohdan (b) kohdan 6 (1) ja GDPR, ja käsittely suoritetaan automaattisesti, niin kauan kuin käsittely ei ole tarpeen tehtävän suorittamisen suorittaa yleisen edun tai julkisen vallan käyttöön kuuluu rekisterinpitäjälle.

Lisäksi käyttäessään oikeuttaan tietojen siirrettävyys artiklan 20 (1) ja GDPR rekisteröidyllä on oikeus saada henkilötietoja siirretään suoraan yhdestä ohjaimen toiseen, jos se on teknisesti mahdollista ja jos näin ei loukata ja vapauksia.

Jotta puolustaa oikeutta tietojen siirrettävyys, rekisteröity voi milloin tahansa ottaa yhteys tietosuojavastaava nimeämä Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG tai toinen työntekijä.

g) Vastustusoikeus
Kukin rekisteröidyllä on oikeus myöntää Euroopan lainsäätäjä vastustaa, liittyvistä syistä hänen erityistä tilannetta, milloin tahansa, jotta henkilötietojen käsittelyä koskevat häntä, joka perustuu point (e) tai (f ) 6 artiklan (1) ja GDPR. Tämä koskee myös profilointi perustuu näihin säännöksiin.

Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG ei saa enää käsitellä henkilötietoja, jos väite, ellemme voi osoittaa perusteltujen syiden käsittelyä varten, jotka ohittavat etuja, oikeuksia ja vapauksia rekisteröidyn tai perustamista, liikunta tai puolustamiseksi.

Jos Hot-World GmbH & Co. KGkäsittelee henkilötietoja suoramarkkinoinnissa, rekisteröidyllä on oikeus milloin tahansa vastustaa käsittelyä koskevien henkilötietojen häntä tällaiseen markkinointiin. Tämä koskee profilointi siltä osin kuin se liittyy tällaiseen suoramarkkinointiin. Jos rekisteröity vastustaa Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG käsittelyä suoramarkkinointia tarkoituksia Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG enää käsittele henkilötietoja näihin tarkoituksiin.

Lisäksi rekisteröidyllä on oikeus, liittyvistä syistä hänen erityistilanteessa vastustaa henkilötietojen käsittelyä koskevat häntä mukaan Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG tieteellistä tai historiallista tutkimustarkoituksiin tai tilastollisiin tarkoituksiin artiklan 89 (1) ja GDPR, ellei käsittely on tarpeen tehtävän suorittamisen suoritetaan perusteena on yleinen etu.

Voidakseen käyttää oikeutta vastustaa, rekisteröity voi suoraan yhteyttä tietosuojavastaavaan n Hot-World GmbH & Co. KGtai toinen työntekijä. Lisäksi rekisteröidyllä on ilmainen yhteydessä käytön tietoyhteiskunnan palveluja, ja huolimatta direktiivin 2002/58 / EY, käyttää oikeutensa vastustaa automaattisin keinoin käyttämällä tekniset tiedot.

h) Automatisoidut yksittäiset päätöksentekoon, kuten profilointi
Kukin rekisteröidyllä on oikeus myöntää Euroopan lainsäätäjä ei sovelleta päätöstä perustuu yksinomaan automaattiseen käsittelyyn, kuten profilointi, joka tuottaa oikeusvaikutuksia koskevat häntä, tai vastaavalla vaikuttaa merkittävästi häntä, niin kauan kuin päätös (1) ei ole tarpeen solmimalla tai suorituskykyä, välisen sopimuksen rekisteröidyn ja rekisterinpitäjän tai (2) ei sallita unionin tai jäsenvaltion lainsäädännön, johon ohjain on aihe ja jolla määritellään tarkoituksenmukaiset toimenpiteet varmistaakseen rekisteröidyn oikeuksia ja vapauksia ja laillisia etuja, tai (3) ei perustu rekisteröidyn nimenomaista suostumusta.

Jos päätös (1) on tarpeen solmimalla tai suorituskykyä, välisen sopimuksen rekisteröidyn ja rekisterinpitäjän tai (2) se perustuu rekisteröidyn nimenomaista suostumusta Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG toteuttaa sopivia takaavat toimenpiteet rekisteröidyn oikeuksien ja vapauksien ja oikeutettujen etujen, ainakin oikeus saada ihmisen toimia puolelta ohjaimen, ilmaista hänen näkökulmasta ja kiistää päätös.

Jos rekisteröity haluaa käyttää oikeuksia koskevan automatisoidun yksilön päätöksentekoon, hän voi milloin tahansa suoraan yhteyttä tietosuojavastaavaan n Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG tai toinen työntekijä säätimen.

i) oikeus peruuttaa tietosuojan suostumuksensa
Kukin rekisteröidyllä on oikeus myöntää Euroopan lainsäätäjä peruuttaa suostumuksensa käsittelyyn hänen henkilötiedot milloin tahansa.

f rekisteröidyn haluaa käyttää oikeuttaan peruuttaa suostumuksensa, hän voi milloin tahansa suoraan yhteyttä tietosuojavastaavaan n Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG tai toinen työntekijä säätimen.

12. tietosuoja sovelluksia ja hakumenettely
Rekisterinpitäjä on kerättävä ja käsiteltävä henkilötietoja hakijoiden varten käsittelyn hakumenettelyn. Prosessointi voidaan suorittaa sähköisesti. Tämä pätee erityisesti, jos hakija jättää vastaavan hakemuksen asiakirjoja sähköpostilla tai käyttämällä web-lomakkeen sivuilla ohjaimeen. Jos rekisterinpitäjä tekee työsopimuksen hakija, toimitetut tiedot tallennetaan varten käsittelystä työsuhteen lakisääteisten vaatimusten noudattamisesta. Ellei työsopimusta tehdään hakijan kanssa ohjaimen, hakemusasiakirjat poistetaan automaattisesti kahden kuukauden kuluttua ilmoituksesta, että kielteinen päätös, edellyttäen, ettei muita oikeutettuja etuja säätimen vastustavat poistamista.

13. Tietosuojasäännöksiä siitä levitykseen Facebook
Tällä sivustolla, ohjain on integroitu komponentteja yrityksen Facebook. Facebook on sosiaalinen verkosto.

Sosiaalinen verkosto on paikka sosiaalisen kokouksia Internetissä, verkkoyhteisö, joka yleensä avulla käyttäjät voivat kommunikoida keskenään ja vuorovaikutuksessa virtuaalisessa tilassa. Sosiaalinen verkosto voi olla foorumi, jolla vaihdetaan näkemyksiä ja kokemuksia, tai mahdollistavat internetin yhteisöä antamaan henkilökohtaisia ​​tai liiketoimintaan liittyviä tietoja. Facebook mahdollistaa sosiaalisen verkon käyttäjien on myös luoda yksityisen profiileja, ladata kuvia, ja verkon kautta kaveripyyntöjä.

Yritys toimii Facebook on Facebook, Inc: 1 Hacker Way, Menlo Park, CA 94025, Yhdysvallat. Jos henkilö asuu ulkopuolella Yhdysvalloissa ja Kanadassa, ohjain on Facebook Ireland Ltd., 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour, Dublin 2, Irlanti.

Jokaisen puhelun-jopa yksittäisten sivujen tämän Internet-sivusto, joka operoi ohjain ja johon Facebook komponentti (Facebook laajennuksia) integroitiin, verkkoselain tietotekniikan järjestelmän rekisteröity on automaattisesti pyydetään lataamaan näyttö vastaavan Facebook komponentin Facebook kautta Facebook komponentti. Yleiskatsauksen kaikista Facebook laajennukset voidaan päästä allehttps://developers.facebook.com/docs/plugins/. Aikana tämän teknisen menettelyn, Facebook saa tietää, mitä erityisiä ala-sivuston sivuillamme kävi rekisteröidylle.

Jos rekisteröity on kirjautunut samanaikaisesti Facebookissa, Facebook havaitsee jokaisen kutsunnassa sivuillamme rekisteröidyn-ja koko heidän oleskelunsa ovat Internetissä osoitteessa-mitä erityisiä ala-sivusto meidän Internet sivulla käytiin rekisteröidyn. Tämä tieto kerätään Facebook komponentti ja liittyy vastaavaan Facebook huomioon rekisteröidyn. Jos rekisteröity napsauttaa Facebook napit integroitu sivuillamme, esimerkiksi "Like" -painiketta, tai jos rekisteröity esittää kommentin, niin Facebook vastaa tätä tietoa henkilökohtaisen Facebook käyttäjätilin ja rekisteröidyn ja tallentaa henkilökohtaiset tiedot.

Facebook saa aina, kautta Facebook komponentti, tietoa käynti sivuillamme rekisteröidyn, kun rekisteröidyllä on kirjautunut samanaikaisesti Facebookissa aikana puhelun up sivuillemme. Tämä tapahtuu riippumatta siitä, onko rekisteröidyn napsauttaa Facebookissa osan tai ei. Jos tällainen tiedonvälityksen Facebookiin ei ole toivottavaa rekisteröityä, niin hän voi estää tämän kirjautumalla pois heidän Facebook-tilin ennen kutsuntatilaisuuteen sivuillemme tehdään.

Facebookin julkaisema tietosuojadirektiivi, joka on saatavilla osoitteessa https://facebook.com/about/privacy/, sisältää tietoja henkilötietojen keräämisestä, käsittelystä ja käytöstä. Lisäksi selitetään, mitä asetuksia Facebook tarjoaa suojaamaan tietosuojan yksityisyyttä. Lisäksi asetetaan eri kokoonpanoasetukset, joiden avulla tietojen poistaminen Facebookista poistuu. Rekisteröijä voi käyttää näitä sovelluksia poistaakseen tiedonsiirron Facebookille.

14. Tietosuojasäännöksiä sovelluksesta sekä käytön Matomo
Tällä sivustolla, ohjain on integroitu Matomoin komponentti. Matomo on avoimen lähdekoodin ohjelmisto työkalu web analyysiä. Web-analyysi on kokoelma, kerääminen ja arviointi tietojen käyttäytymistä kävijöitä Internet-sivustoja. Web analyysityökalu kerää muun muassa tietoja sivuston, josta rekisteröidyn tuli verkkosivuilla (niin kutsuttu viittaavan), joka internetsivustojen oli näytetty tai kuinka usein ja joiden ajaksi osa-sivua katsottu. Web-analyysi käytetään pääasiassa optimointia sivuston ja kustannus-hyöty-analyysi Internet-mainonta.

Ohjelmisto toimii palvelimessa säätimen, tietosuojan herkät lokitiedostot tallennetaan yksinomaan tällä palvelimella.

Tarkoituksena Matomoin komponentti on analyysi vierailija virtaa sivuillamme. Säädin käyttää saatua tietoja, muun muassa arvioimaan tämän sivuston käytöstä, jotta koota verkossa raportteja, jotka osoittavat toimintaa Internet-sivuillamme.

Matomo asettaa evästeen tietotekniikan järjestelmän rekisteröidylle. Määritelmä evästeiden on selitetty edellä. Asettamiseen evästeen, analyysi käytön sivuillamme on käytössä. Jokaisen puhelun-jopa yksittäisten näillä verkkosivuilla, Internet-selain tietotekniikan järjestelmän rekisteröity on automaattisesti läpi Matomoin komponentin pyydetään toimittamaan tietoja varten verkossa analyysin meidän palvelimelle. Aikana tämän teknisen menettelyn, saamme tietoa henkilökohtaisia ​​tietoja, kuten IP-osoitteen rekisteröidyn, joka palvelee ymmärtää alkuperä vierailijoiden ja klikkauksia. Matomo käyttää vain anonyymit IP-dataa. Matomo varastoi tietokoneensa jokaisen uuden kävijän IP-osoite (IPv4 tai IPv6-muodossa) viimeiseen ainesosat poistettu suojella käyttäjän yksityisyyttä.

Evästeen avulla tallennetaan henkilökohtaisia ​​tietoja, kuten hakuaika, paikkaan, josta tultiin, ja moni käynti sivuillemme. Jokaisen vierailun Internet-sivuillamme, näitä henkilötietoja, kuten IP-osoite Internet käyttämä rekisteröity, siirretään palvelimelle. Nämä henkilötiedot tallennetaan meille IP anonyymiksi. Emme välittämään tämän henkilötietoja kolmansille osapuolille.

Rekisteröity voi, kuten edellä on todettu, estää evästeiden asettamisen kotisivuiltamme osoitteesta tahansa avulla tarkistetaan vastaavasti web-selaimen käytössä ja siten pysyvästi kieltää evästeiden asettamisen. Tällainen oikaisu käytetyn Internet-selaimen avulla estetään myös Matomo asettamasta evästeen tietotekniikan järjestelmän rekisteröidylle. Lisäksi evästeet jo käytössä Matomo voidaan poistaa milloin tahansa verkkoselaimen kautta tai muita ohjelmistoja.

Lisäksi rekisteröidyllä on mahdollisuus vastustaa kokoelma tietoja, jotka liittyvät käyttöön tämän Internet-sivuston luomia Matomo sekä laajentaa näiden tietojen Matomo ja mahdollisuus esteenä tällaisen. Tätä varten henkilöllä on näytettävä evästekieltoa:


Opt-out evästeen, joka on asetettu tätä tarkoitusta varten asetetaan tietotekniikan käyttämän rekisteröidylle. Jos evästeet poistetaan järjestelmästä rekisteröidyn sitten rekisteröidyn täytyy soittaa up linkkiä uudelleen ja asettaa uuden evästekieltoa.

Jokaisen asetus evästeen, on kuitenkin mahdollista, että sivustot säätimen eivät enää täysin käyttökelpoisia rekisteröidylle.

Lisätietoja ja sovellettavien tietosuoja säännösten Matomoin voidaan hakea nojalla https://matomo.org/privacy/.

15. Tietosuojasäännöksiä siitä levitykseen Twitter
Tällä sivustolla, ohjain on integroitu komponentteja Twitter. Twitter on monikielinen, julkisesti saatavilla mikroblogipalvelu, johon käyttäjät voivat julkaista ja levittää niin sanotut tweets, "kuten tekstiviestit, jotka rajoittuvat 140 merkkiä. Nämä lyhyet viestit ovat kaikkien saatavilla, myös niitä, jotka eivät ole kirjautuneet sisään Twitteriin. Tweetejä näkyvät myös ns seuraajia kunkin käyttäjän. Seuraajia muitakin Twitterin käyttäjiä, jotka seuraavat käyttäjän tweetit. Lisäksi Twitter voit käsitellä laajalle yleisölle kautta hashtags, linkkejä tai retweets.

Yritys toimii Twitter on Twitter, Inc., 1355 Market Street, Suite 900, San Francisco, CA 94103, YHDYSVALLAT.

Jokaisen kutsunnassa johonkin yksittäisiä sivuja tämän Internet-sivuston, joka liikennöi ohjain ja jolle Twitter komponentti (Twitter-painike) integroitiin, Internet-selain on tietotekniikkajärjestelmä rekisteröidyn automaattisesti kehotuksen ladata näyttö vastaavasta Twitter komponentti Twitter. Lisätietoja Twitter painikkeet on saatavillahttps://about.twitter.com/de/resources/buttons. Aikana tämän teknisen menettelyn, Twitter saa tietoa siitä, mitä erityisiä ala-sivuillamme kävi rekisteröidylle. Tarkoituksena integrointi Twitter komponentti on uudelleenlähetystä sisällöstä tämän sivuston, jotta käyttäjät esitellä tällä sivulla digitaaliseen maailmaan ja kasvattaa kävijämääriä.

Jos rekisteröity on kirjautunut samanaikaisesti Twitterissä, Twitter havaitsee jokaisen kutsunnassa sivuillamme rekisteröidyn ja koko heidän oleskelunsa ovat Internetissä osoitteessa jotka rajattuun sivuilta kotisivulta Internetissä oli vieraili rekisteröidylle. Tämä tieto kerätään Twitter komponentti ja liittyy vastaavaan Twitter huomioon rekisteröidyn. Jos rekisteröity napsauttaa viserrys sijoitetuilla painikkeilla sivuillamme, niin Twitter määrittää tämän tiedon henkilökohtaisen Twitter käyttäjätilin ja rekisteröidyn ja tallentaa henkilötietoja.

Twitter saa tiedon kautta Twitter komponentti että rekisteröity on käynyt sivuillamme, edellyttäen, että rekisteröidyn on kirjautunut Twitterissä aikaan kutsuntaan sivuillemme. Tämä tapahtuu riippumatta siitä, onko henkilö napsauttaa viserrys osan tai ei. Jos tällainen tiedonvälityksen Twitteriin ei ole toivottavaa rekisteröityä, niin hän voi estää tämän kirjautumalla pois heidän Twitter-tili ennen kutsuntatilaisuuteen sivuillemme tehdään.

Sovellettava tietosuojalaki säännösten Twitter voidaan päästä alle https://twitter.com/privacy?lang=en.

16. Tietosuojasäännöksiä sovelluksesta sekä käytön YouTubessa
Tällä sivustolla, ohjain on integroitu komponentteja YouTubessa. YouTube on Internet-video-portaali, jonka avulla videojulkaisijat asettaa videoleikkeitä ja muille käyttäjille maksuton, joka tarjoaa myös näkökenttä, lue ja kommentoi niitä. YouTube voit julkaista kaikenlaisia ​​videoita, joten voit käyttää molempia täynnä elokuvia ja TV-lähetyksiä sekä musiikkivideoita, perävaunujen ja videot tekemät käyttäjät kautta Internet-portaali.

Yritys toimii YouTube on YouTube, LLC, 901 Cherry Avenue, San Bruno, CA 94066, YHDYSVALLAT. YouTube, LLC on tytäryhtiö Google Inc, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043-1351, YHDYSVALLAT.

Jokaisen kutsunnassa johonkin yksittäisiä sivuja tämän Internet-sivuston, joka liikennöi ohjain ja johon YouTube komponentti (YouTube-video) integroitiin, Internet-selain on tietotekniikkajärjestelmä rekisteröidyn automaattisesti kehotuksen ladata näyttö vastaavan YouTube komponentti. Lisätietoja YouTuben voidaan hankkia https://www.youtube.com/intl/en/yt/about/. Aikana tämän teknisen menettelyn, YouTube ja Google saada tietoa siitä, mitä erityisiä ala-sivuillamme kävi rekisteröidylle.

Jos rekisteröity on kirjautunut YouTubessa YouTube tunnistaa jokaisen puhelun-up sub-sivun, joka sisältää YouTube-video, joka rajattuun sivuilta www-sivuilla vieraili rekisteröidylle. Nämä tiedot kerätään YouTube ja Google ja määrätyt vastaavat YouTube huomioon rekisteröidylle.

YouTube ja Google vastaanottaa tietoja YouTube komponentti että rekisteröity on käynyt sivuillamme, jos rekisteröity aikaan puhelun sivuillemme on kirjautunut sisään YouTube; Tämä tapahtuu riippumatta siitä, onko käyttäjä klikkaa YouTube-videota tai ei. Jos tällainen tietojen lähettämiseen YouTubeen ja Google ei ole toivottavaa, että rekisteröityä, toimitus voidaan estää, jos rekisteröidylle kirjautuu ulos omalta YouTube-tilin ennen kutsuntatilaisuuteen sivuillemme tehdään.

YouTuben tietosuojaa koskevia säännöksiä, saatavilla osoitteessa https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/, Antavat tietoa keräämistä, käsittelyä ja käyttävät henkilötietoja YouTuben ja Googlen.

17. Tietosuojasäännöksiä sovelluksesta sekä käyttää Google Cloud Messaging (CGM)
Android Repetier-Informerapp, ohjain on integroitu komponentteja Google. androidi Repetier-Informer Sovellus käyttää Google Cloud Messaging (GCM) antaa tietoja mobiili päätelaitteita, joita voidaan sitten käyttää sitä Repetier-Informer sovellus.

Yritys toimii Google on Google Inc, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043-1351, YHDYSVALLAT.

Perustaessaan Repetier-Informerapp, olemassa oleva ryhmä, joka vastaa ryhmää tunnuksen esittämistä tai uusi ryhmä luodaan. Täällä saamme Google laitteesta tunnus, johon voimme lähettää push-viestejä.

Jokaisen viestin välitämme viestin teksti ja jos määritellyt linkki GCM tiettyyn Googlen laitteen tunnus, niin että Repetier-Informer sovellus vastaanottaa näitä tietoja.

Googlen tietosuoja säännöksiä, saatavilla osoitteessa https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/, Antavat tietoa keräämistä, käsittelyä ja käyttävät henkilötietoja Googlen.

18. Tietosuojasäännöksiä siitä levitykseen Apple Push Ilmoitus palvelu (APN)
IOS Repetier-Informerapp, ohjain on integroitu komponentteja Apple. iOS Repetier-Informer Sovellus käyttää Applen Push-ilmoituspalvelu (APN) antaa tietoja mobiili päätelaitteita, joita voidaan sitten käyttää sitä Repetier-Informer sovellus.

Yritys toimii Apple on Apple, 1 Infinite Loop, Cupertino, CA 95014, YHDYSVALLAT.

Perustaessaan Repetier-Informerapp, olemassa oleva ryhmä, joka vastaa ryhmää tunnuksen esittämistä tai uusi ryhmä luodaan. Täällä saamme Applelta laitteesta ID johon voimme lähettää push-viestejä.

Jokaisen viestin välitämme viestin teksti ja jos määritellyt linkki APN tietylle Apple-laitteen tunnus, niin että Repetier-Informer sovellus vastaanottaa näitä tietoja.

Applen tietosuojaa koskevia säännöksiä, saatavilla osoitteessa https://www.apple.com/privacy/, Antavat tietoa keräämistä, käsittelyä ja käyttävät henkilötietoja Apple.

19. lakata saamasta push viestejä Repetier-Informer
Ainoa tavoite Repetier-Informer sovellus on, että ohjelmat kuten Repetier-Server ja Repetier-HostSekä kehittämä Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG, Lähettää tilaviestit oman 3D-tulostin push viestin älypuhelimet ja / tai tabletteina.

Jos et halua vastaanottaa push-viestejä älypuhelimeen tai tabletin, voit poistaa osoitetun ryhmiä sovelluksen asetuksissa, voit poistaa sovelluksen tai voit poistaa työntää viestejä Repetier-Host ja tai Repetier-Server.

20. maksutapa: Tietosuojasäännöksiä siitä käytöstä PayPalia maksujen käsittelijä
Tällä sivustolla, ohjain on integroitu komponentteja PayPal. PayPal on online maksupalveluntarjoaja. Maksut käsitellään niin kutsuttujen PayPal tilejä, jotka edustavat virtual private tai yrityksen tilejä. PayPal on myös mahdollisuus käsitellä virtuaalisen maksujen kautta luottokortteja, kun käyttäjä ei ole PayPal-tili. PayPal-tilin hallitaan kautta sähköpostiosoitteen, minkä vuoksi ei ole klassisia tilinumeroita. PayPal mahdollistaa laukaista verkkomaksut kolmansille osapuolille tai vastaanottaa maksuja. PayPal hyväksyy myös edunvalvoja toimintoja ja tarjoaa ostajalle pelastustoimi.

Euroopan toimivista yrityksistä PayPal on PayPal (Europe) S.à.rl & Cie. SCA, 22-24 boulevard Royal, 2449 Luxemburg, Luxemburg.

Jos rekisteröity valitsee "PayPal", kuten maksu vaihtoehto verkkokaupassa tilauksen tekemisen aikana, me automaattisesti lähettää datan rekisteröidyn PayPal. Valitsemalla tämän maksutavan, rekisteröity suostuu henkilötietojen siirtoa tarvitaan maksujen käsittelyyn.

Toimitettuja henkilötietoja PayPal on yleensä etunimi, sukunimi, osoite, sähköpostiosoite, IP-osoite, puhelinnumero, matkapuhelinnumero, tai muita tietoja, joita tarvitaan maksujen käsittelyyn. Käsittely ostosopimuksen edellyttää myös tällaisia ​​henkilötietoja, jotka ovat yhteydessä vastaavassa järjestyksessä.

Lähetystä datan pyritään maksujen käsittelyyn ja petosten torjuntaan. Säädin siirtää henkilötietoja PayPal, varsinkin jos oikeutettua etua lähetyksen annetaan. Henkilötiedot vaihdetaan PayPal ja ohjaimen käsittelyn datan lähetetään PayPal talouden luottotiedot. Tämä lähetys on tarkoitettu henkilöllisyyden ja luottokelpoisuuden tarkastuksia.

PayPal tarvittaessa välittää henkilötietoja tytäryhtiöiden ja palveluntarjoajille tai alihankkijoille siinä määrin kuin se on tarpeen täyttää sopimusvelvoitteitaan tai dataa käsitellään siinä järjestyksessä.

Rekisteröidyllä on mahdollisuus peruuttaa suostumus henkilötietojen käsittelyä milloin tahansa PayPal. Kumoaminen ei ole mitään vaikutusta henkilötiedot on käsiteltävä, käyttää tai siirtää mukaisesti (sopimus) maksujen käsittelyn.

Sovellettava tietosuojalaki säännösten PayPal voidaan noutaa alle https://www.paypal.com/us/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-full.

21. Tietojen siirto Repetier-Host
Repetier-Host ainoastaan ​​yhteyden web-palvelimia ja Hot-World GmbH & Co. KGtarkistaa päivitykset tai ladata mainonnan sisältöä. Jos rekisteröity käyttää räätälöidyn isäntä versio kolmannen osapuolen, isäntä voi muodostaa yhteyden web-palvelin kolmannen osapuolen tarkistaa päivitykset. Ohjelmassa on linkkejä verkkosivuille, jotka voidaan avata standardin selaimella klikkaamalla niitä.

Repetier-Host voi kommunikoida Repetier-Server tapauksissa, että voidaan näyttää muille tietokoneille, jos ne nimenomaisesti liitetty. Repetier-Host voi lähettää ja / tai vastaanottaa tietoja / Repetier-Server kuten g-koodit, malleja, kuvia, tulostimen, tiedot kaikki tallennetut mallit, ... hallita 3D-tulostimet ja hallita tallennettuja tietoja.

Repetier-Host voi lähettää 3d tilan viestejä Repetier-Informer app, jos yhteys eksplisiittisesti määritetty.

22. Tietojen siirto Repetier-Server
Repetier-Server ainoastaan ​​yhteyden web-palvelimia ja Hot-World GmbH & Co. KGtarkistaa päivitykset ja vahvistaa syötetyn lisenssiavaimen. Jos rekisteröity käyttää räätälöityjä Repetier-Serverversio kolmannen osapuolen, palvelin voidaan liittää web-palvelin kolmannen osapuolen tarkistaa päivitykset. Ohjelmassa on linkkejä verkkosivuille, jotka voidaan avata standardin selaimella klikkaamalla niitä.

Repetier-Server voi kommunikoida Repetier-Host tapauksissa, että voidaan näyttää muille tietokoneille, jos ne nimenomaisesti liitetty. Repetier-Server voi lähettää ja / tai vastaanottaa tietoja / Repetier-Host kuten g-koodit, malleja, kuvia, tulostimen, tiedot kaikki tallennetut mallit, ... hallita 3D-tulostimet ja hallita tallennettuja tietoja.

Repetier-Server voi lähettää 3d tilan viestejä Repetier-Informer app, jos yhteys eksplisiittisesti määritetty.

Repetier-Servertoimii kuin web-palvelimen ja pääsee viime aikoina web-selaimella. Riippuen käyttäjän verkon kokoonpano, tämä voi olla vain sisäiseen tai maailmanlaajuisesti. Tästä syystä suosittelemme, jotta käyttäjätunnistus vuonna Repetier-Server.

Rekisteröity voi liittää Repetier-Server että Repetier pilvipalveluja pääsisi täysin kytkettynä Repetier-Server tapauksia kaikkialta valtuutetuille käyttäjille kautta https://my.repetier.com. Sallia tämän toiminnon, The Repetier pilvipalveluihin tarvitse tallentaa lisätietoja ja voi cache-palvelin tiloja, kuvien ja käsittelemään tietoja lähetetään Repetier-Server.

23. oikeusperusta käsittely
Taide. 6 (1) palaa GDPR toimii oikeusperusta käsittelyjä, joista saadaan suostumus tiettyyn käsittelyyn tarkoitukseen. Jos henkilötietojen käsittely on tarpeen sellaisen sopimuksen, johon rekisteröity on osallisena, kuten on laita esimerkiksi käsiteltäessä toiminnot ovat välttämättömiä tavaroiden tai tarjota muita palveluja, käsittely on perustuu EY 6 (1) palaa b GDPR. Sama koskee tällaisia ​​käsittelyistä, jotka ovat tarpeen toteuttamiseksi sopimusta edeltävien toimenpiteiden, esimerkiksi Kysymyksiin tuotteistamme tai palveluita. On yhtiömme oikeudellisesta sitoumus, jonka henkilötietojen käsittely on tarpeen, kuten täyttämiseksi verovelvoitteita, käsittely pohjautuu Art. 6 (1) palaa C GDPR. Harvoissa tapauksissa, käsittely henkilötietoja voidaan tarpeen suojata elintärkeiden etujen rekisteröidyn tai toisen luonnollisen henkilön. Tämä olisi tilanne, jos esimerkiksi vierailija loukkaantui yrityksemme ja hänen nimi, ikä, sairausvakuutus tai muita tärkeitä tietoja olisi välitetään lääkäriin, sairaalaan tai muun kolmannen osapuolen. Niin käsittelyjärjestelmä perustuisi Art. 6 (1) palaa d GDPR. Lopuksi käsittelytoimet voisivat perustua 6 artiklan (1) palaa f GDPR. Tämä oikeusperusta käytetään käsittelyjä, jotka eivät kuulu mihinkään edellä mainituista oikeudellisista syistä, jos käsittely on tarpeen rekisterinpitäjän oikeutettujen etujen turvaamiseksi yhtiömme tai kolmas osapuoli, paitsi milloin tämän intressin syrjäyttävät intressit ja perusoikeudet ja vapaudet rekisteröidyn suojaa tarvitsevat henkilötietojen. Kuten jalostuksen ovat erityisen sallittua, koska ne on erityisesti mainittu Euroopan lainsäätäjä. Hän katsoi, että oikeutettu etu voidaan olettaa silloin, kun rekisteröity on asiakas säätimen (osan 47 2 virke GDPR).

24. oikeutettujen etujen turvaamiseksi, paitsi silloin tai kolmannen osapuolen
Jos henkilötietojen käsittely perustuu 6 artiklan (1) palaa f GDPR meidän oikeutettu etu on harjoittaa liiketoimintaa hyväksi hyvinvoinnin kaikkien työntekijöidemme ja osakkeenomistajien.

25. Aika, jolta henkilötiedot tallennetaan
Kriteereitä käytetään määrittämään säilytysajan henkilötietojen on vastaava lakisääteinen säilytysaika. Päättymisen jälkeen tuon ajan, vastaavia tietoja rutiininomaisesti poistetaan, kunhan se ei ole enää tarpeen sopimuksen täyttämiseen tai aloittamista sopimuksen.

26. antaminen henkilötietojen lakisääteinen tai sopimusperusteinen vaatimus; Jota tarvitaan tehdä sopimus; Velvollisuus rekisteröidyn antamaan henkilötietoja; jättämisen mahdolliset seuraukset toimita tietoja
Me selventää, että säännös henkilötietoja osittain lain (esim verosäännökset) tai se voi johtua myös sopimusmääräysten (esim tietoa sopimuskumppani). Joskus voi olla tarpeen tehdä sopimus, että rekisteröity antaa meille henkilötietoja, jotka on myöhemmin käsitellä meitä. Rekisteröidylle, esimerkiksi velvollisuus antaa meille henkilökohtaisia ​​tietoja, kun yhtiömme tekee sopimuksen hänen kanssaan. Ei-tarjonta henkilötietoja seuraisi, että sopimus rekisteröidylle ei ehditty tehdä. Ennen kuin henkilötietoja tarjoaa rekisteröidylle, rekisteröidyn tulee ottaa yhteyttä tietosuojasta vastaava henkilö.

27. olemassaolo automatisoitu päätöksenteko
Vastuullisena yrityksenä, emme käytä automaattista päätöksentekoa tai profilointi.

Tämä Yksityisyyden suoja on tuotettu Privacy Policy generaattori External Data Protection Officer (https://dg-datenschutz.de/services/external-data-protection-officer/?lang=en) alkaen DGD Deutsche Gesellschaft für Datenschutz GmbH, Joka on kehitetty yhteistyössä WILDE BEUGER SOLMECKE | Lawyers (https://www.wbs-law.de/) ja used hardware dealer RC GmbH (http://remarketing.company/). Muodostettu yksityisyyden suoja on muutettu ja laajennettu Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG.