Följande engelska sekretesspolicy gäller. För enklare orientering har vi också lagt till en okontrollerad översättning från Google Translate.

We are very delighted that you have shown interest in our enterprise. Data protection is of a particularly high priority for the management of the Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG. The use of the Repetier software (Repetier-Host, Repetier-Server, Repetier-Informer) and Repetier websites (https://www.repetier.com, http://www.repetier-server.com, https://my.repetier.com, https://forum.repetier.com, http://www.repetier-apps.com, ...) managed by Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG are possible without any indication of personal data; however, if a data subject wants to use special enterprise services via our software, app or website, processing of personal data could become necessary. If the processing of personal data is necessary and there is no statutory basis for such processing, we generally obtain consent from the data subject.

The processing of personal data, such as the name, address, e-mail address, device ID or telephone number of a data subject shall always be in line with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), and in accordance with the country-specific data protection regulations applicable to the Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG. By means of this data protection declaration, our enterprise would like to inform the general public of the nature, scope, and purpose of the personal data we collect, use and process. Furthermore, data subjects are informed, by means of this data protection declaration, of the rights to which they are entitled.

As the controller, the Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG has implemented numerous technical and organizational measures to ensure the most complete protection of personal data processed through the Repetier software, apps and websites, which are stored on dedicated web servers operated by Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG. However, Internet-based data transmissions may in principle have security gaps, so absolute protection may not be guaranteed.

1. Definitions
The data protection declaration of the Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG is based on the terms used by the European legislator for the adoption of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). Our data protection declaration should be legible and understandable for the general public, as well as our customers and business partners. To ensure this, we would like to first explain the terminology used.

In this data protection declaration, we use, inter alia, the following terms:

a) Personal data
Personal data means any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person (“data subject”). An identifiable natural person is one who can be identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier or to one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity of that natural person.

b) Data subject
Data subject is any identified or identifiable natural person, whose personal data is processed by the controller responsible for the processing.

c) Processing
Processing is any operation or set of operations which is performed on personal data or on sets of personal data, whether or not by automated means, such as collection, recording, organisation, structuring, storage, adaptation or alteration, retrieval, consultation, use, disclosure by transmission, dissemination or otherwise making available, alignment or combination, restriction, erasure or destruction.

d) Restriction of processing
Restriction of processing is the marking of stored personal data with the aim of limiting their processing in the future.

e) Profiling
Profiling means any form of automated processing of personal data consisting of the use of personal data to evaluate certain personal aspects relating to a natural person, in particular to analyse or predict aspects concerning that natural person's performance at work, economic situation, health, personal preferences, interests, reliability, behaviour, location or movements.

f) Pseudonymisation
Pseudonymisation is the processing of personal data in such a manner that the personal data can no longer be attributed to a specific data subject without the use of additional information, provided that such additional information is kept separately and is subject to technical and organisational measures to ensure that the personal data are not attributed to an identified or identifiable natural person.

g) Controller or controller responsible for the processing
Controller or controller responsible for the processing is the natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which, alone or jointly with others, determines the purposes and means of the processing of personal data; where the purposes and means of such processing are determined by Union or Member State law, the controller or the specific criteria for its nomination may be provided for by Union or Member State law.

h) Processor
Processor is a natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which processes personal data on behalf of the controller.

i) Recipient
Recipient is a natural or legal person, public authority, agency or another body, to which the personal data are disclosed, whether a third party or not. However, public authorities which may receive personal data in the framework of a particular inquiry in accordance with Union or Member State law shall not be regarded as recipients; the processing of those data by those public authorities shall be in compliance with the applicable data protection rules according to the purposes of the processing.

j) Third party
Third party is a natural or legal person, public authority, agency or body other than the data subject, controller, processor and persons who, under the direct authority of the controller or processor, are authorised to process personal data.

k) Consent
Consent of the data subject is any freely given, specific, informed and unambiguous indication of the data subject's wishes by which he or she, by a statement or by a clear affirmative action, signifies agreement to the processing of personal data relating to him or her.

2. Name and Address of the controller
Controller for the purposes of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), other data protection laws applicable in Member states of the European Union and other provisions related to data protection is:

Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG

Knickelsdorf 42

47877 Willich

Germany

Phone: +49 (0)2154 – 60 65 18

Email: info@repetier.com

Websites: https://www.repetier.com, http://www.repetier-server.com, https://my.repetier.com, https://forum.repetier.com, http://www.repetier-apps.com, ...

3. Name and Address of the Data Protection Officer
The Data Protection Officer of the controller is:

Marcus Littwin
Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG

Knickelsdorf 42

47877 Willich

Germany

Phone: +49 (0)2154 – 60 65 18

Email: info@repetier.com

Websites: https://www.repetier.com, http://www.repetier-server.com, https://my.repetier.com, https://forum.repetier.com, http://www.repetier-apps.com, ...

Any data subject may, at any time, contact our Data Protection Officer directly with all questions and suggestions concerning data protection.

4. Cookies
The Internet pages of the Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG use cookies. Cookies are text files that are stored in a computer system via an Internet browser.

Many Internet sites and servers use cookies. Many cookies contain a so-called cookie ID. A cookie ID is a unique identifier of the cookie. It consists of a character string through which internet pages and servers can be assigned to the specific Internet browser in which the cookie was stored. This allows visited Internet sites and servers to differentiate the individual browser of the dats subject from other Internet browsers that contain other cookies. A specific internet browser can be recognized and identified using the unique cookie ID.

Through the use of cookies, the Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG can provide the users of this website with more user-friendly services that would not be possible without the cookie setting.

By means of a cookie, the information and offers on our website can be optimized with the user in mind. Cookies allow us, as previously mentioned, to recognize our website users. The purpose of this recognition is to make it easier for users to utilize our website. The website user that uses cookies, e.g. does not have to enter access data each time the website is accessed, because this is taken over by the website, and the cookie is thus stored on the user's computer system. Another example is the cookie of a shopping cart in an online shop. The online store remembers the articles that a customer has placed in the virtual shopping cart via a cookie.

The data subject may, at any time, prevent the setting of cookies through our website by means of a corresponding setting of the internet browser used, and may thus permanently deny the setting of cookies. Furthermore, already set cookies may be deleted at any time via an internet browser or other software programs. This is possible in all popular Internet browsers. If the data subject deactivates the setting of cookies in the Internet browser used, not all functions of our website may be entirely usable.

5. Collection of general data and information
The websites and the Repetier API (Application Programming Interface) of the Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG collects a series of general data and information when a data subject or automated system calls up the website or API. This general data and information are stored in the server log files. Collected may be (1) the browser types and versions used, (2) the operating system used by the accessing system, (3) the website from which an accessing system reaches our website (so-called referrers), (4) the sub-websites, (5) the date and time of access to the Internet site, (6) an Internet protocol address (IP address), (7) the Internet service provider of the accessing system, and (8) any other similar data and information that may be used in the event of attacks on our information technology systems.

When using these general data and information, the Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG does not draw any conclusions about the data subject. Rather, this information is needed to (1) deliver the content of our website correctly, (2) optimize the content of our website as well as its advertisement, (3) ensure the long-term viability of our information technology systems and website technology, and (4) provide law enforcement authorities with the information necessary for criminal prosecution in case of a cyber-attack. Therefore, the Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG analyzes anonymously collected data and information statistically, with the aim of increasing the data protection and data security of our enterprise, and to ensure an optimal level of protection for the personal data we process. The anonymous data of the server log files are stored separately from all personal data provided by a data subject.

6. Registration on our website
The data subject has the possibility to register on the websites of the controller with the indication of personal data. Which personal data are transmitted to the controller is determined by the respective input mask used for the registration. The personal data entered by the data subject are collected and stored exclusively for internal use by the controller, and for his own purposes. The controller may request transfer to one or more processors (e.g. a Apple or Google push message service) that also uses personal data for an internal purpose which is attributable to the controller. The controller will send an automatic confirmation e-mail to check the double opt-in procedure as to whether the owner of the specified e-mail address decided in favor of this option.

By registering on the website of the controller, the IP address—assigned by the Internet service provider (ISP) and used by the data subject—date, and time of the registration are also stored. The storage of this data takes place against the background that this is the only way to prevent the misuse of our services, and, if necessary, to make it possible to investigate committed offenses. Insofar, the storage of this data is necessary to secure the controller. This data is not passed on to third parties unless there is a statutory obligation to pass on the data, or if the transfer serves the aim of criminal prosecution.

The registration of the data subject, with the voluntary indication of personal data, is intended to enable the controller to offer the data subject contents or services that may only be offered to registered users due to the nature of the matter in question. Registered persons are free to change the personal data specified during the registration at any time, or to have them completely deleted from the data stock of the controller.

The data controller shall, at any time, provide information upon request to each data subject as to what personal data are stored about the data subject. In addition, the data controller shall correct or erase personal data at the request or indication of the data subject, insofar as there are no statutory storage obligations. A Data Protection Officer particularly designated in this data protection declaration, as well as the entirety of the controller’s employees are available to the data subject in this respect as contact persons.

7. Contact possibility via the website
The website of the Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG contains information that enables a quick electronic contact to our enterprise, as well as direct communication with us, which also includes a general address of the so-called electronic mail (e-mail address). If a data subject contacts the controller by e-mail or via a contact form, the personal data transmitted by the data subject are automatically stored. Such personal data transmitted on a voluntary basis by a data subject to the data controller are stored for the purpose of processing or contacting the data subject. There is no transfer of this personal data to third parties.

8. Comments function in the forum on the website
The Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG offers users the possibility to leave individual comments on individual forum contributions on a forum, which is on the website of the controller. A forum is a web-based, publicly-accessible portal, through which one or more people may post articles or write down thoughts in so-called forum posts. Forum posts may usually be commented by third parties.

If a data subject leaves a comment on the forum published on this website, the comments made by the data subject are also stored and published, as well as information on the date of the commentary and on the user's (pseudonym) chosen by the data subject. In addition, the IP address assigned by the Internet service provider (ISP) to the data subject is also logged. This storage of the IP address takes place for security reasons, and in case the data subject violates the rights of third parties, or posts illegal content through a given comment. The storage of these personal data is, therefore, in the own interest of the data controller, so that he can exculpate in the event of an infringement. This collected personal data will not be passed to third parties, unless such a transfer is required by law or serves the aim of the defense of the data controller.

9. Subscription to comments in the forum on the website
The comments made in the forum of the Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG may be subscribed to by third parties. In particular, there is the possibility that a commenter subscribes to the comments following his comments on a particular forum post.

The option to subscribe to comments may be terminated at any time.

10. Routine erasure and blocking of personal data
The data controller shall process and store the personal data of the data subject only for the period necessary to achieve the purpose of storage, or as far as this is granted by the European legislator or other legislators in laws or regulations to which the controller is subject to.

If the storage purpose is not applicable, or if a storage period prescribed by the European legislator or another competent legislator expires, the personal data are routinely blocked or erased in accordance with legal requirements.

11. Rights of the data subject
a) Right of confirmation
Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator to obtain from the controller the confirmation as to whether or not personal data concerning him or her are being processed. If a data subject wishes to avail himself of this right of confirmation, he or she may, at any time, contact our Data Protection Officer or another employee of the controller.

b) Right of access
Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator to obtain from the controller free information about his or her personal data stored at any time and a copy of this information. Furthermore, the European directives and regulations grant the data subject access to the following information:

the purposes of the processing;
the categories of personal data concerned;
the recipients or categories of recipients to whom the personal data have been or will be disclosed, in particular recipients in third countries or international organisations;
where possible, the envisaged period for which the personal data will be stored, or, if not possible, the criteria used to determine that period;
the existence of the right to request from the controller rectification or erasure of personal data, or restriction of processing of personal data concerning the data subject, or to object to such processing;
the existence of the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority;
where the personal data are not collected from the data subject, any available information as to their source;
the existence of automated decision-making, including profiling, referred to in Article 22(1) and (4) of the GDPR and, at least in those cases, meaningful information about the logic involved, as well as the significance and envisaged consequences of such processing for the data subject.
Furthermore, the data subject shall have a right to obtain information as to whether personal data are transferred to a third country or to an international organisation. Where this is the case, the data subject shall have the right to be informed of the appropriate safeguards relating to the transfer.

If a data subject wishes to avail himself of this right of access, he or she may at any time contact our Data Protection Officer or another employee of the controller.

c) Right to rectification
Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator to obtain from the controller without undue delay the rectification of inaccurate personal data concerning him or her. Taking into account the purposes of the processing, the data subject shall have the right to have incomplete personal data completed, including by means of providing a supplementary statement.

If a data subject wishes to exercise this right to rectification, he or she may, at any time, contact our Data Protection Officer or another employee of the controller.

d) Right to erasure (Right to be forgotten)
Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator to obtain from the controller the erasure of personal data concerning him or her without undue delay, and the controller shall have the obligation to erase personal data without undue delay where one of the following grounds applies, as long as the processing is not necessary:

The personal data are no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which they were collected or otherwise processed.
The data subject withdraws consent to which the processing is based according to point (a) of Article 6(1) of the GDPR, or point (a) of Article 9(2) of the GDPR, and where there is no other legal ground for the processing.
The data subject objects to the processing pursuant to Article 21(1) of the GDPR and there are no overriding legitimate grounds for the processing, or the data subject objects to the processing pursuant to Article 21(2) of the GDPR.
The personal data have been unlawfully processed.
The personal data must be erased for compliance with a legal obligation in Union or Member State law to which the controller is subject.
The personal data have been collected in relation to the offer of information society services referred to in Article 8(1) of the GDPR.
If one of the aforementioned reasons applies, and a data subject wishes to request the erasure of personal data stored by the Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG, he or she may at any time contact our Data Protection Officer or another employee of the controller. The Data Protection Officer of the Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG or another employee shall promptly ensure that the erasure request is complied with immediately.

Where the controller has made personal data public and is obliged pursuant to Article 17(1) to erase the personal data, the controller, taking account of available technology and the cost of implementation, shall take reasonable steps, including technical measures, to inform other controllers processing the personal data that the data subject has requested erasure by such controllers of any links to, or copy or replication of, those personal data, as far as processing is not required. The Data Protection Officer of the Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG or another employee will arrange the necessary measures in individual cases.

e) Right of restriction of processing
Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator to obtain from the controller restriction of processing where one of the following applies:

The accuracy of the personal data is contested by the data subject, for a period enabling the controller to verify the accuracy of the personal data.
The processing is unlawful and the data subject opposes the erasure of the personal data and requests instead the restriction of their use instead.
The controller no longer needs the personal data for the purposes of the processing, but they are required by the data subject for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.
The data subject has objected to processing pursuant to Article 21(1) of the GDPR pending the verification whether the legitimate grounds of the controller override those of the data subject.
If one of the aforementioned conditions is met, and a data subject wishes to request the restriction of the processing of personal data stored by the Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG, he or she may at any time contact our Data Protection Officer or another employee of the controller. The Data Protection Officer of the Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG or another employee will arrange the restriction of the processing.

f) Right to data portability
Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator, to receive the personal data concerning him or her, which was provided to a controller, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format. He or she shall have the right to transmit those data to another controller without hindrance from the controller to which the personal data have been provided, as long as the processing is based on consent pursuant to point (a) of Article 6(1) of the GDPR or point (a) of Article 9(2) of the GDPR, or on a contract pursuant to point (b) of Article 6(1) of the GDPR, and the processing is carried out by automated means, as long as the processing is not necessary for the performance of a task carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in the controller.

Furthermore, in exercising his or her right to data portability pursuant to Article 20(1) of the GDPR, the data subject shall have the right to have personal data transmitted directly from one controller to another, where technically feasible and when doing so does not adversely affect the rights and freedoms of others.

In order to assert the right to data portability, the data subject may at any time contact the Data Protection Officer designated by the Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG or another employee.

g) Right to object
Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator to object, on grounds relating to his or her particular situation, at any time, to processing of personal data concerning him or her, which is based on point (e) or (f) of Article 6(1) of the GDPR. This also applies to profiling based on these provisions.

The Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG shall no longer process the personal data in the event of the objection, unless we can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for the processing which override the interests, rights and freedoms of the data subject, or for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.

If the Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG processes personal data for direct marketing purposes, the data subject shall have the right to object at any time to processing of personal data concerning him or her for such marketing. This applies to profiling to the extent that it is related to such direct marketing. If the data subject objects to the Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG to the processing for direct marketing purposes, the Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG will no longer process the personal data for these purposes.

In addition, the data subject has the right, on grounds relating to his or her particular situation, to object to processing of personal data concerning him or her by the Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG for scientific or historical research purposes, or for statistical purposes pursuant to Article 89(1) of the GDPR, unless the processing is necessary for the performance of a task carried out for reasons of public interest.

In order to exercise the right to object, the data subject may directly contact the Data Protection Officer of the Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG or another employee. In addition, the data subject is free in the context of the use of information society services, and notwithstanding Directive 2002/58/EC, to use his or her right to object by automated means using technical specifications.

h) Automated individual decision-making, including profiling
Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator not to be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing, including profiling, which produces legal effects concerning him or her, or similarly significantly affects him or her, as long as the decision (1) is not is necessary for entering into, or the performance of, a contract between the data subject and a data controller, or (2) is not authorised by Union or Member State law to which the controller is subject and which also lays down suitable measures to safeguard the data subject's rights and freedoms and legitimate interests, or (3) is not based on the data subject's explicit consent.

If the decision (1) is necessary for entering into, or the performance of, a contract between the data subject and a data controller, or (2) it is based on the data subject's explicit consent, the Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG shall implement suitable measures to safeguard the data subject's rights and freedoms and legitimate interests, at least the right to obtain human intervention on the part of the controller, to express his or her point of view and contest the decision.

If the data subject wishes to exercise the rights concerning automated individual decision-making, he or she may at any time directly contact our Data Protection Officer of the Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG or another employee of the controller.

i) Right to withdraw data protection consent
Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator to withdraw his or her consent to processing of his or her personal data at any time.

f the data subject wishes to exercise the right to withdraw the consent, he or she may at any time directly contact our Data Protection Officer of the Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG or another employee of the controller.

12. Data protection for applications and the application procedures
The data controller shall collect and process the personal data of applicants for the purpose of the processing of the application procedure. The processing may also be carried out electronically. This is the case, in particular, if an applicant submits corresponding application documents by e-mail or by means of a web form on the website to the controller. If the data controller concludes an employment contract with an applicant, the submitted data will be stored for the purpose of processing the employment relationship in compliance with legal requirements. If no employment contract is concluded with the applicant by the controller, the application documents shall be automatically erased two months after notification of the refusal decision, provided that no other legitimate interests of the controller are opposed to the erasure. Other legitimate interest in this relation is, e.g. a burden of proof in a procedure under the General Equal Treatment Act (AGG).

13. Data protection provisions about the application and use of Facebook
On this website, the controller has integrated components of the enterprise Facebook. Facebook is a social network.

A social network is a place for social meetings on the Internet, an online community, which usually allows users to communicate with each other and interact in a virtual space. A social network may serve as a platform for the exchange of opinions and experiences, or enable the Internet community to provide personal or business-related information. Facebook allows social network users to include the creation of private profiles, upload photos, and network through friend requests.

The operating company of Facebook is Facebook, Inc., 1 Hacker Way, Menlo Park, CA 94025, United States. If a person lives outside of the United States or Canada, the controller is the Facebook Ireland Ltd., 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour, Dublin 2, Ireland.

With each call-up to one of the individual pages of this Internet website, which is operated by the controller and into which a Facebook component (Facebook plug-ins) was integrated, the web browser on the information technology system of the data subject is automatically prompted to download display of the corresponding Facebook component from Facebook through the Facebook component. An overview of all the Facebook Plug-ins may be accessed under https://developers.facebook.com/docs/plugins/. During the course of this technical procedure, Facebook is made aware of what specific sub-site of our website was visited by the data subject.

If the data subject is logged in at the same time on Facebook, Facebook detects with every call-up to our website by the data subject—and for the entire duration of their stay on our Internet site—which specific sub-site of our Internet page was visited by the data subject. This information is collected through the Facebook component and associated with the respective Facebook account of the data subject. If the data subject clicks on one of the Facebook buttons integrated into our website, e.g. the "Like" button, or if the data subject submits a comment, then Facebook matches this information with the personal Facebook user account of the data subject and stores the personal data.

Facebook always receives, through the Facebook component, information about a visit to our website by the data subject, whenever the data subject is logged in at the same time on Facebook during the time of the call-up to our website. This occurs regardless of whether the data subject clicks on the Facebook component or not. If such a transmission of information to Facebook is not desirable for the data subject, then he or she may prevent this by logging off from their Facebook account before a call-up to our website is made.

The data protection guideline published by Facebook, which is available at https://facebook.com/about/privacy/, provides information about the collection, processing and use of personal data by Facebook. In addition, it is explained there what setting options Facebook offers to protect the privacy of the data subject. In addition, different configuration options are made available to allow the elimination of data transmission to Facebook. These applications may be used by the data subject to eliminate a data transmission to Facebook.

14. Data protection provisions about the application and use of Matomo
On this website, the controller has integrated the Matomo component. Matomo is an open-source software tool for web analysis. Web analysis is the collection, gathering and evaluation of data on the behavior of visitors from Internet sites. A web analysis tool collects, inter alia, data on the website from which a data subject came to a website (so-called referrer), which pages of the website were accessed or how often and for which period of time a sub-page was viewed. A web analysis is mainly used for the optimization of a website and the cost-benefit analysis of Internet advertising.

The software is operated on the server of the controller, the data protection-sensitive log files are stored exclusively on this server.

The purpose of the Matomo component is the analysis of the visitor flows on our website. The controller uses the obtained data and information, inter alia, to evaluate the use of this website in order to compile online reports, which show the activities on our Internet pages.

Matomo sets a cookie on the information technology system of the data subject. The definition of cookies is explained above. With the setting of the cookie, an analysis of the use of our website is enabled. With each call-up to one of the individual pages of this website, the Internet browser on the information technology system of the data subject is automatically through the Matomo component prompted to submit data for the purpose of online analysis to our server. During the course of this technical procedure, we obtain knowledge about personal information, such as the IP address of the data subject, which serves to understand the origin of visitors and clicks. Matomo uses only anonymous IP data. Matomo stores in the database each new visitor IP address (ipv4 or ipv6 format) with the last components removed to protect user’s privacy.

The cookie is used to store personal information, such as the access time, the location from which access was made, and the frequency of visits to our website. With each visit of our Internet pages, these personal data, including the IP address of the Internet access used by the data subject, are transferred to our server. These personal data will be stored by us with IP anonymisation. We do not forward this personal data to third parties.

The data subject may, as stated above, prevent the setting of cookies through our website at any time by means of a corresponding adjustment of the web browser used and thus permanently deny the setting of cookies. Such an adjustment to the used Internet browser would also prevent Matomo from setting a cookie on the information technology system of the data subject. In addition, cookies already in use by Matomo may be deleted at any time via a web browser or other software programs.

In addition, the data subject has the possibility of objecting to a collection of data relating to a use of this Internet site that are generated by Matomo as well as the processing of these data by Matomo and the chance to preclude any such. For this, the data subject must set an opt-out cookie:

The opt-out cookie that is set for this purpose is placed on the information technology system used by the data subject. If the cookies are deleted on the system of the data subject, then the data subject must call-up the link again and set a new opt-out cookie.

With each setting of the opt-out cookie, however, there is the possibility that the websites of the controller are no longer fully usable for the data subject.

Further information and the applicable data protection provisions of Matomo may be retrieved under https://matomo.org/privacy/.

15. Data protection provisions about the application and use of Twitter
On this website, the controller has integrated components of Twitter. Twitter is a multilingual, publicly-accessible microblogging service on which users may publish and spread so-called ‘tweets,’ e.g. short messages, which are limited to 140 characters. These short messages are available for everyone, including those who are not logged on to Twitter. The tweets are also displayed to so-called followers of the respective user. Followers are other Twitter users who follow a user's tweets. Furthermore, Twitter allows you to address a wide audience via hashtags, links or retweets.

The operating company of Twitter is Twitter, Inc., 1355 Market Street, Suite 900, San Francisco, CA 94103, UNITED STATES.

With each call-up to one of the individual pages of this Internet site, which is operated by the controller and on which a Twitter component (Twitter button) was integrated, the Internet browser on the information technology system of the data subject is automatically prompted to download a display of the corresponding Twitter component of Twitter. Further information about the Twitter buttons is available under https://about.twitter.com/de/resources/buttons. During the course of this technical procedure, Twitter gains knowledge of what specific sub-page of our website was visited by the data subject. The purpose of the integration of the Twitter component is a retransmission of the contents of this website to allow our users to introduce this web page to the digital world and increase our visitor numbers.

If the data subject is logged in at the same time on Twitter, Twitter detects with every call-up to our website by the data subject and for the entire duration of their stay on our Internet site which specific sub-page of our Internet page was visited by the data subject. This information is collected through the Twitter component and associated with the respective Twitter account of the data subject. If the data subject clicks on one of the Twitter buttons integrated on our website, then Twitter assigns this information to the personal Twitter user account of the data subject and stores the personal data.

Twitter receives information via the Twitter component that the data subject has visited our website, provided that the data subject is logged in on Twitter at the time of the call-up to our website. This occurs regardless of whether the person clicks on the Twitter component or not. If such a transmission of information to Twitter is not desirable for the data subject, then he or she may prevent this by logging off from their Twitter account before a call-up to our website is made.

The applicable data protection provisions of Twitter may be accessed under https://twitter.com/privacy?lang=en.

16. Data protection provisions about the application and use of YouTube
On this website, the controller has integrated components of YouTube. YouTube is an Internet video portal that enables video publishers to set video clips and other users free of charge, which also provides free viewing, review and commenting on them. YouTube allows you to publish all kinds of videos, so you can access both full movies and TV broadcasts, as well as music videos, trailers, and videos made by users via the Internet portal.

The operating company of YouTube is YouTube, LLC, 901 Cherry Ave., San Bruno, CA 94066, UNITED STATES. The YouTube, LLC is a subsidiary of Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Pkwy, Mountain View, CA 94043-1351, UNITED STATES.

With each call-up to one of the individual pages of this Internet site, which is operated by the controller and on which a YouTube component (YouTube video) was integrated, the Internet browser on the information technology system of the data subject is automatically prompted to download a display of the corresponding YouTube component. Further information about YouTube may be obtained under https://www.youtube.com/intl/en/yt/about/. During the course of this technical procedure, YouTube and Google gain knowledge of what specific sub-page of our website was visited by the data subject.

If the data subject is logged in on YouTube, YouTube recognizes with each call-up to a sub-page that contains a YouTube video, which specific sub-page of our Internet site was visited by the data subject. This information is collected by YouTube and Google and assigned to the respective YouTube account of the data subject.

YouTube and Google will receive information through the YouTube component that the data subject has visited our website, if the data subject at the time of the call to our website is logged in on YouTube; this occurs regardless of whether the person clicks on a YouTube video or not. If such a transmission of this information to YouTube and Google is not desirable for the data subject, the delivery may be prevented if the data subject logs off from their own YouTube account before a call-up to our website is made.

YouTube's data protection provisions, available at https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/, provide information about the collection, processing and use of personal data by YouTube and Google.

17. Data protection provisions about the application and use of Google Cloud Messaging (CGM)
In the android Repetier-Informer app, the controller has integrated components of Google. The android Repetier-Informer app uses Google Cloud Messaging (GCM) to provide information to mobile end devices, which can then use it in the Repetier-Informer app.

The operating company of Google is Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Pkwy, Mountain View, CA 94043-1351, UNITED STATES.

When setting up the Repetier-Informer app, an existing group with corresponding group ID is entered or a new group is created. Here we receive from Google the device ID to which we can send push messages.

With each message we transmit the message text and if specified a link via GCM to a specific Google device ID, so that the Repetier-Informer app receives this data.

Google's data protection provisions, available at https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/, provide information about the collection, processing and use of personal data by Google.

18. Data protection provisions about the application and use of Apple Push Notification service (APNs)
In the iOS Repetier-Informer app, the controller has integrated components of Apple. The iOS Repetier-Informer app uses Apple Push Notification service (APNs) to provide information to mobile end devices, which can then use it in the Repetier-Informer app.

The operating company of Apple is Apple, 1 Infinite Loop, Cupertino, CA 95014, UNITED STATES.

When setting up the Repetier-Informer app, an existing group with corresponding group ID is entered or a new group is created. Here we receive from Apple the device ID to which we can send push messages.

With each message we transmit the message text and if specified a link via APNs to a specific Apple device ID, so that the Repetier-Informer app receives this data.

Apple’s data protection provisions, available at https://www.apple.com/privacy/, provide information about the collection, processing and use of personal data by Apple.

19. Stop receiving push messages from Repetier-Informer
The only aim of the Repetier-Informer app is that the programs like Repetier-Server and Repetier-Host, both developed by Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG, send status messages of your 3d printer via push message to your smartphones and / or tablets.

If you do not want to receive push messages on your smartphone or tablet, you can delete the assigned groups in the app settings, you can uninstall the app or you can deactivate push messages in Repetier-Host and / or Repetier-Server.

20. Payment Method: Data protection provisions about the use of PayPal as a payment processor
On this website, the controller has integrated components of PayPal. PayPal is an online payment service provider. Payments are processed via so-called PayPal accounts, which represent virtual private or business accounts. PayPal is also able to process virtual payments through credit cards when a user does not have a PayPal account. A PayPal account is managed via an e-mail address, which is why there are no classic account numbers. PayPal makes it possible to trigger online payments to third parties or to receive payments. PayPal also accepts trustee functions and offers buyer protection services.

The European operating company of PayPal is PayPal (Europe) S.à.r.l. & Cie. S.C.A., 22-24 Boulevard Royal, 2449 Luxembourg, Luxembourg.

If the data subject chooses "PayPal" as the payment option in the online shop during the ordering process, we automatically transmit the data of the data subject to PayPal. By selecting this payment option, the data subject agrees to the transfer of personal data required for payment processing.

The personal data transmitted to PayPal is usually first name, last name, address, email address, IP address, telephone number, mobile phone number, or other data necessary for payment processing. The processing of the purchase contract also requires such personal data, which are in connection with the respective order.

The transmission of the data is aimed at payment processing and fraud prevention. The controller will transfer personal data to PayPal, in particular, if a legitimate interest in the transmission is given. The personal data exchanged between PayPal and the controller for the processing of the data will be transmitted by PayPal to economic credit agencies. This transmission is intended for identity and creditworthiness checks.

PayPal will, if necessary, pass on personal data to affiliates and service providers or subcontractors to the extent that this is necessary to fulfill contractual obligations or for data to be processed in the order.

The data subject has the possibility to revoke consent for the handling of personal data at any time from PayPal. A revocation shall not have any effect on personal data which must be processed, used or transmitted in accordance with (contractual) payment processing.

The applicable data protection provisions of PayPal may be retrieved under https://www.paypal.com/us/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-full.

21. Data transmission of Repetier-Host
Repetier-Host only connects to the web servers of Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG to check for updates or to download advertising contents. If the data subject uses a customized host version of a third party, the host may connect to a web server of a third party to check for updates. In the program are some links to web pages which can be opened in the standard browser by clicking on them.

Repetier-Host can communicate with Repetier-Server instances, that may run on other computers, if they were explicitly connected. Repetier-Host can send and / or receive data to / from Repetier-Server like g-codes, models, images, printer information, information about all stored models, … to control 3d printers and manage stored data.

Repetier-Host can send 3d status messages to the Repetier-Informer app, if the connection was explicitly configured.

22. Data transmission of Repetier-Server
Repetier-Server only connects to the web servers of Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG to check for updates and to validate an entered license key. If the data subject uses a customized Repetier-Server version of a third party, the server may connect to a web server of a third party to check for updates. In the program are some links to web pages which can be opened in the standard browser by clicking on them.

Repetier-Server can communicate with Repetier-Host instances, that may run on other computers, if they were explicitly connected. Repetier-Server can send and / or receive data to / from Repetier-Host like g-codes, models, images, printer information, information about all stored models, … to control 3d printers and manage stored data.

Repetier-Server can send 3d status messages to the Repetier-Informer app, if the connection was explicitly configured.

Repetier-Server works like a web server and can be accessed by any recent web browser. Depending on the user’s network configuration, this can be internal only or globally. For this reason we highly recommend to enable user authentication in Repetier-Server.

The data subject can connect Repetier-Server to the Repetier cloud services to get full access to connected Repetier-Server instances from everywhere to authorized users via https://my.repetier.com. To allow this functionality, the Repetier cloud services need to store additional data and also may cache server states, images and process data sent from the Repetier-Server.

23. Legal basis for the processing
Art. 6(1) lit. a GDPR serves as the legal basis for processing operations for which we obtain consent for a specific processing purpose. If the processing of personal data is necessary for the performance of a contract to which the data subject is party, as is the case, for example, when processing operations are necessary for the supply of goods or to provide any other service, the processing is based on Article 6(1) lit. b GDPR. The same applies to such processing operations which are necessary for carrying out pre-contractual measures, for example in the case of inquiries concerning our products or services. Is our company subject to a legal obligation by which processing of personal data is required, such as for the fulfillment of tax obligations, the processing is based on Art. 6(1) lit. c GDPR. In rare cases, the processing of personal data may be necessary to protect the vital interests of the data subject or of another natural person. This would be the case, for example, if a visitor were injured in our company and his name, age, health insurance data or other vital information would have to be passed on to a doctor, hospital or other third party. Then the processing would be based on Art. 6(1) lit. d GDPR. Finally, processing operations could be based on Article 6(1) lit. f GDPR. This legal basis is used for processing operations which are not covered by any of the abovementioned legal grounds, if processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by our company or by a third party, except where such interests are overridden by the interests or fundamental rights and freedoms of the data subject which require protection of personal data. Such processing operations are particularly permissible because they have been specifically mentioned by the European legislator. He considered that a legitimate interest could be assumed if the data subject is a client of the controller (Recital 47 Sentence 2 GDPR).

24. The legitimate interests pursued by the controller or by a third party
Where the processing of personal data is based on Article 6(1) lit. f GDPR our legitimate interest is to carry out our business in favor of the well-being of all our employees and the shareholders.

25. Period for which the personal data will be stored
The criteria used to determine the period of storage of personal data is the respective statutory retention period. After expiration of that period, the corresponding data is routinely deleted, as long as it is no longer necessary for the fulfillment of the contract or the initiation of a contract.

26. Provision of personal data as statutory or contractual requirement; Requirement necessary to enter into a contract; Obligation of the data subject to provide the personal data; possible consequences of failure to provide such data
We clarify that the provision of personal data is partly required by law (e.g. tax regulations) or can also result from contractual provisions (e.g. information on the contractual partner). Sometimes it may be necessary to conclude a contract that the data subject provides us with personal data, which must subsequently be processed by us. The data subject is, for example, obliged to provide us with personal data when our company signs a contract with him or her. The non-provision of the personal data would have the consequence that the contract with the data subject could not be concluded. Before personal data is provided by the data subject, the data subject must contact our Data Protection Officer. Our Data Protection Officer clarifies to the data subject whether the provision of the personal data is required by law or contract or is necessary for the conclusion of the contract, whether there is an obligation to provide the personal data and the consequences of non-provision of the personal data.

27. Existence of automated decision-making
As a responsible company, we do not use automatic decision-making or profiling.

This Privacy Policy has been generated by the Privacy Policy Generator of the External Data Protection Officer (https://dg-datenschutz.de/services/external-data-protection-officer/?lang=en) from DGD Deutsche Gesellschaft für Datenschutz GmbH, which has been developed in cooperation with WILDE BEUGER SOLMECKE | Lawyers (https://www.wbs-law.de/) and the used hardware dealer RC GmbH (http://remarketing.company/). The generated privacy policy has been changed and extended by Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG.

Här är den omodifierade översättningen av Google Translate:

Vi är mycket glada att du har visat intresse för vår verksamhet. dataskydd är av särskilt hög prioritet för förvaltningen av Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG. Användningen av Repetier programvara ( Repetier-Host, Repetier-Server, Repetier-Informer) och Repetier webbplatser (https://www.repetier.com, http://www.repetier-server.com, https://my.repetier.com, https://forum.repetier.com, http://www.repetier-apps.com, ...) hanteras av Hot-World GmbH & Co. KGär möjliga utan någon indikation på personuppgifter; Men om en registrerad vill använda speciella företagstjänster via vår mjukvara, app eller hemsida, behandling av personuppgifter kan bli nödvändig. Om behandling av personuppgifter är nödvändig och det finns ingen rättslig grund för en sådan behandling får vi generellt samtycke från den registrerade.

Behandlingen av personuppgifter, såsom namn, adress, e-postadress, enhet-ID eller telefonnummer till en registrerade skall alltid vara i linje med dataskyddsförordningen General (BRP), och i enlighet med den landsspecifika dataskydds regler som gäller för Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG. Med hjälp av denna dataskyddsförklaring skulle våra företag vilja informera allmänheten om verksamhetens art, omfattning och syfte personuppgifter som vi samlar in, använder och process. Dessutom är registrerade informeras, med hjälp av denna dataskyddsförklaring, av de rättigheter som de har rätt.

Som styrenheten, den Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG har genomfört ett stort antal tekniska och organisatoriska åtgärder för att säkerställa den mest kompletta skydd av personuppgifter som behandlas genom Repetier programvara, appar och webbplatser som lagras på dedikerade webbservrar drivs av Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG. Men Internetbaserade dataöverföringar kan i princip ha säkerhetsluckor, så absolut skydd kan inte garanteras.

1. Definitioner
Dataskyddsförklaring av Hot-World GmbH & Co. KGgrundar sig på de begrepp som används av den europeiska lagstiftaren för antagande av dataskyddsförordningen General (BRP). Vår dataskyddsförklaring bör vara läsbara och begripliga för allmänheten, liksom våra kunder och affärspartners. För att säkerställa detta vill vi först förklara den terminologi som används.

I denna dataskyddsförklaring använder vi bland annat följande villkor:

a) Personuppgifter
Personuppgifter: varje upplysning som avser en identifierad eller identifierbar fysisk person ( ”registrerade”). En identifierbar fysisk person är en person som kan identifieras, direkt eller indirekt, framför allt genom hänvisning till en identifierare som ett namn, ett identifikationsnummer, lokaliseringsuppgifter, en online-identifierare eller en eller flera faktorer som är specifika för den fysiska, fysiologiska, genetiska, psykiska, ekonomiska, kulturella eller sociala identitet som fysisk person.

b) Data ämne
Registrerade är någon identifierad eller identifierbar fysisk person vars personuppgifter behandlas av kontrollern ansvarar för behandlingen.

c) Behandling
Behandlingen är varje åtgärd eller serie av åtgärder som utförs på personuppgifter eller på uppsättningar av personuppgifter, med eller utan hjälp av automatiska organ, såsom insamling, registrering, organisering, strukturering, lagring, bearbetning eller ändring, återvinning, läsning, användning, utlämnande genom överföring, spridning eller annat sätt, justering eller kombination, begränsning, radering eller förstöring.

d) Begränsning av bearbetning
Begränsning av behandlingen är märkning av registrerade personuppgifter i syfte att begränsa behandlingen av dessa i framtiden.

e) Profilering
Profilering varje form av automatiserad behandling av personuppgifter som består av användningen av personuppgifter att bedöma vissa personliga aspekter en fysisk person, särskilt för att analysera eller förutsäga aspekter som fysisk person prestation på jobbet, ekonomiska situationen, hälsa, personliga preferenser , intressen, pålitlighet, uppförande, plats eller rörelser.

f) Pseudonymisering
Pseudonymisering är behandlingen av personuppgifter på ett sådant sätt att de personuppgifter inte längre kan tillskrivas en viss registrerade utan användning av ytterligare information, förutsatt att sådan ytterligare information hålls separat och är föremål för tekniska och organisatoriska åtgärder för att säkerställa att personuppgifter inte hänföras till en identifierad eller identifierbar fysisk person.

g) Controller eller styrenhet ansvarig för behandlingen
Controller eller controller ansvarar för behandlingen är den fysiska eller juridiska person, den myndighet, myndighet eller annat organ som ensamt eller tillsammans med andra bestämmer ändamålen och medlen för behandlingen av personuppgifter, där ändamålen och medlen för sådan behandling bestäms av unionen eller medlemsstaternas lagstiftning kan den registeransvarige eller de särskilda kriterierna för sin nominering vara föreskriven unionen eller medlemsstaternas lagstiftning.

h) Processor
Processorn är en fysisk eller juridisk person, myndighet, myndighet eller annat organ som behandlar personuppgifter på uppdrag av styrenheten.

i) Other
Mottagaren är en fysisk eller juridisk person, den myndighet, den institution eller något annat organ, till vilka personuppgifter utlämnas, vare sig en tredje part eller inte. Dock kan offentliga myndigheter som får personuppgifter inom ramen för en särskild undersökning i enlighet med unions eller medlemsstaternas lagstiftning skall inte betraktas som mottagare; behandlingen av dessa uppgifter dessa myndigheter ska vara i enlighet med gällande regler för dataskydd enligt de ändamålen med behandlingen.

j) tredje part
Tredje parten är en fysisk eller juridisk person, myndighet, avdelning eller det organ förutom den registrerade, controller, processor och personer som under direkt ledning av den registeransvarige eller processor, har tillstånd att behandla personuppgifter.

k) Medgivande
Samtycke av den registrerade är någon frivilligt, särskilt informerade och otvetydig indikation på den registrerades önskemål som han eller hon genom ett uttalande eller genom en tydlig positiv särbehandling, innebär samtycke till behandling av personuppgifter som rör honom eller henne .

2. Namn och adress av styranordningen
Controller för tillämpningen av dataskyddsförordningen General (BRP), andra dataskyddslagar som gäller i medlemsstaterna i Europeiska unionen och andra bestämmelser som rör skydd av personuppgifter är:

Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG

Knickelsdorf 42

47877 Willich

Tyskland

Telefon: +49 (0) 2154 - 60 65 18

E-post: info@repetier.com

webbplatser: https://www.repetier.com, http://www.repetier-server.com, https://my.repetier.com, https://forum.repetier.com, http://www.repetier-apps.com, ...

3. namn och adress uppgiftsskyddsombudet
Personuppgiftsombudet av regulatorn är:

Marcus Littwin
Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG

Knickelsdorf 42

47877 Willich

Tyskland

Telefon: +49 (0) 2154 - 60 65 18

E-post: info@repetier.com

webbplatser: https://www.repetier.com, http://www.repetier-server.com, https://my.repetier.com, https://forum.repetier.com, http://www.repetier-apps.com...

Alla registrerade kan när som helst, kontakta vår datatillsynsmannen direkt med alla frågor och förslag om skydd av personuppgifter.

4. Cookies
Internet sidor Hot-World GmbH & Co. KGanvänder cookies. Cookies är textfiler som lagras i ett datorsystem via en webbläsare.

Många webbplatser och servrar använder cookies. Många cookies innehåller en så kallad cookie-ID. En cookie-ID är en unik identifierare av kakan. Den består av en teckensträng genom vilken internetsidor och servrar kan tilldelas den specifika webbläsare där cookien lagrades. Detta gör besökta webbplatser och servrar för att skilja de enskilda webbläsaren av dats föremål från andra webbläsare som innehåller andra cookies. En specifik webbläsare kan kännas igen och identifieras med hjälp av unika cookie-ID.

Genom att använda cookies, de Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG kan ge användarna av denna webbplats med mer användarvänliga tjänster som inte skulle vara möjligt utan inställningen cookie.

Med hjälp av en cookie, kan information och erbjudanden på vår hemsida optimeras med användaren i åtanke. Cookies tillåter oss, som tidigare nämnts, att känna igen vår webbplats användare. Syftet med detta erkännande är att göra det enklare för användare att utnyttja vår hemsida. Webbplatsen användare som använder cookies, har till exempel inte ange tillgång till data varje gång webbplatsen nås, eftersom det tas över av webbplatsen och cookien alltså lagras på användarens dator. Ett annat exempel är en cookie i en kundvagn i en online-shop. Nätbutiken minns de artiklar som en kund har placerats i den virtuella kundvagnen via en cookie.

Den registrerade kan när som helst, att inställningen av cookies via vår hemsida genom en motsvarande inställning av webbläsare som används, och kan således permanent neka fastställandet av cookies. Dessutom kanske redan fastställts cookies raderas när som helst via en webbläsare eller andra program. Detta är möjligt i alla populära webbläsare. Om den registrerade avaktiverar inställningen av cookies i webbläsaren används inte alla funktioner på vår webbplats kan vara helt användbar.

5. Insamling av allmänna uppgifter och information
De webbplatser och Repetier API (Application Programming Interface) av Hot-World GmbH & Co. KGsamlar en rad allmänna uppgifter och information när den registrerade eller automatiserat system ringer upp hemsidan eller API. Denna allmänna uppgifter och information lagras i serverloggfiler. Uppsamlades kan (1) Typer webbläsare och versioner används, (2) det operativsystem som används av den åtkommande systemet, (3) den webbplats från vilken en åtkommande systemet når vår hemsida (så kallade hänvisnings), (4) under -websites, (5) datum och tid för åtkomst till webbplatsen, (6) en IP-adress (IP-adress), (7) Internetleverantören leverantören~~POS=HEADCOMP av den åtkommande systemet, och (8) andra liknande data och information som kan användas i händelse av angrepp på våra IT-system.

Vid användning av dessa allmänna uppgifter och information, de Hot-World GmbH & Co. KGinte dra några slutsatser om den registrerade. Snarare är denna information som behövs för (1) leverera innehållet på vår hemsida på rätt sätt, (2) optimera innehållet på vår webbplats samt dess reklam, (3) se på lång sikt av våra IT-system och webbplatsteknik och (4) ger brottsbekämpande myndigheter med den information som är nödvändig för åtal i händelse av en cyber-attack. Därför Hot-World GmbH & Co. KGanalyser anonymt insamlade data och information statist, med syfte att öka dataskyddet och datasäkerhet i vår verksamhet, och för att säkerställa en optimal nivå av skydd för personuppgifter som vi behandlar. De anonyma data för serverloggfiler lagras separat från alla personuppgifter som en registrerad.

6. Registrering på vår hemsida
Den registrerade har möjlighet att registrera sig på webbplatserna för regulatorn med angivande av personuppgifter. Vilka personuppgifter överförs till regulatorn bestäms av respektive ingångs mask som används för registrering. De personuppgifter som anges av den registrerade samlas in och lagras uteslutande för internt bruk av styrenheten, och för sina egna syften. Regulatorn kan begära överföring till en eller flera processorer (t.ex. en Apple eller Google push-Message Service) som också använder personuppgifter för en intern ändamål som är hänförlig till styrenheten. Regulatorn skickar en automatisk bekräftelse via e-post för att kontrollera dubbel opt-in förfarande om huruvida ägare till angivna e-postadressen bestämde sig för detta alternativ.

Genom att registrera på webbplatsen för regulatorn, IP-adress, tilldelas av Internetleverantören (ISP) och används av den registrerade-datum och tid för registreringen lagras också. Lagringen av dessa data sker mot bakgrund av att det är det enda sättet att förhindra missbruk av våra tjänster, och, om nödvändigt, för att göra det möjligt att undersöka engagerade brott. I den mån, är det nödvändigt att lagringen av dessa data för att säkra kontrollern. Dessa data inte vidare till tredje part om det inte finns en lagstadgad skyldighet att vidarebefordra data, eller om överföringen tjänar syftet med åtal.

Registreringen av den registrerade, med frivillig indikation av personuppgifter, är att göra det möjligt för den registeransvarige att erbjuda den registrerade innehåll eller tjänster som endast kan erbjudas till registrerade användare på grund av arten av ärendet i fråga. Registrerade personer är fria att ändra personuppgifter som anges under registreringen när som helst, eller att ha dem helt bort från data lager av regulatorn.

Den registeransvarige skall när som helst, ge information på begäran till varje registrerade vad personuppgifter lagras om den registrerade. Dessutom ska den registeransvarige korrigera eller radera personuppgifter på begäran eller uppgift om den registrerade, i den mån det inte finns några lagstadgade skyldigheter lagring. En datatillsynsmannen särskilt utsedda i denna dataskyddsförklaring, liksom helheten av regulatorns anställda tillgängliga för den registrerade i detta avseende som kontaktpersoner.

7. Kontakta möjlighet via hemsidan
Webbplatsen för Hot-World GmbH & Co. KGinnehåller information som möjliggör en snabb elektronisk kontakt med vår verksamhet, samt direkt kommunikation med oss, som också innehåller en allmän adress av den så kallade e-post (e-postadress). Om en registrerad kontakt med regulatorn via e-post eller via ett kontaktformulär, de personuppgifter som överförs av den registrerade lagras automatiskt. Sådana personuppgifter som överförs på frivillig basis av en registrerad till den registeransvarige lagras för att bearbetning eller kontakta den registrerade. Det finns ingen överföring av denna personuppgifter till tredje part.

8. Kommentarer funktion i forumet på hemsidan
De Hot-World GmbH & Co. KGerbjuder användarna möjlighet att lämna enskilda kommentarer om enskilda forum bidrag på ett forum som är på webbplatsen för regulatorn. Ett forum är ett webbaserat, offentligt tillgängliga portal, genom vilken en eller flera personer kan du publicera artiklar eller skriva ner tankar i så kallade foruminlägg. Foruminlägg kan vanligtvis kommenteras av tredje part.

Om en registrerad lämnar en kommentar på forumet publiceras på denna webbplats är de synpunkter som den registrerade också lagras och publiceras samt information om datum för kommentarer och på användarens (pseudonym) väljs av den registrerade . Dessutom är IP-adressen tilldelas av Internetleverantören (ISP) till den registrerade också loggas. Denna lagring av IP-adressen sker av säkerhetsskäl, och om den registrerade bryter mot tredje parts rättigheter, eller inlägg olagligt innehåll genom en given kommentar. Lagringen av dessa personuppgifter är därför i eget intresse av den registeransvarige, så att han kan rentvå i händelse av en överträdelse. Detta insamlade personuppgifter kommer inte att skickas till tredje part,

9. Teckning på kommentarer i forumet på hemsidan
Kommentarerna i forumet för Hot-World GmbH & Co. KGkan tecknas av tredje part. Framför allt finns det möjlighet att en commenter abonnerar på kommentarerna efter hans kommentarer på en viss flygresor.

Alternativet att prenumerera på kommentarer kan sägas upp när som helst.

10. Rutin radering och blockering av personuppgifter
Den registeransvarige skall behandla och lagra personuppgifter om den registrerade bara för den tid som krävs för att uppnå syftet med lagringen, eller så långt som detta beviljas av den europeiska lagstiftaren eller andra lagstiftare i lagar och förordningar som åvilar den registeransvarige till.

Om lagrings syftet inte är tillämpligt, eller om en lagringsperiod som föreskrivs av den europeiska lagstiftaren eller annan behörig lagstiftare går ut personuppgifterna rutinmässigt blockeras eller raderas enligt lagkrav.

11. rättigheter Den registrerades
a) Rätt till bekräftelse
Varje registrerade skall ha rätt beviljats ​​av EU: s lagstiftare att från den registeransvarige bekräftelse på om personuppgifter eller inte rör honom eller henne behandlas. Om en registrerad önskar att begagna sig av denna rätt bekräftelse, han eller hon kan, när som helst, kontakta vår datatillsynsmannen eller annan anställd av regulatorn.

b) Rätt till tillgång
Varje registrerade skall ha rätt beviljats ​​av EU: s lagstiftare att från den registeransvarige gratis information om hans eller hennes personuppgifter som lagras när som helst och en kopia av denna information. Dessutom, de europeiska direktiv och förordningar ger den registrerade tillgång till följande information:

ändamålen med behandling;
de kategorier av berörda personuppgifter;
mottagarna eller kategorier av mottagare till vilka personuppgifter har varit eller kommer att avslöjas, särskilt mottagare i tredje land eller internationella organisationer;
där så är möjligt, den beräknade tiden för vilken personuppgifterna kommer att lagras, eller, om det inte är möjligt, de kriterier som används för att bestämma denna period;
förekomsten av rätten att begära från kontrollenheten rättelse eller radering av personuppgifter, eller begränsning av behandling av personuppgifter om den registrerade, eller för att invända mot en sådan behandling;
förekomsten av rätten att lämna in ett klagomål med en tillsynsmyndighet;
där personuppgifterna inte samlas in från den registrerade, all tillgänglig information om deras källa;
förekomsten av automatiserade beslutsfattande, inklusive profilering, som avses i artikel 22 (1) och (4) BRP och, åtminstone i de fall meningsfull information om logiken inblandade, liksom betydelse och planerade konsekvenserna av sådan behandling för den registrerade.
Vidare skall den registrerade ha rätt att få information om huruvida personuppgifter överförs till ett tredje land eller till en internationell organisation. Om så är fallet, skall den registrerade ha rätt att få information om lämpliga skyddsåtgärder i samband med överföringen.

Om en registrerad önskar att begagna sig av rätten till tillgång, han eller hon kan när som helst kontakta vår uppgiftsskyddsombud eller annan anställd av regulatorn.

c) Rätt till rättelse
Varje registrerade skall ha rätt beviljats ​​av EU: s lagstiftare att från den registeransvarige utan onödigt dröjsmål rättelse av felaktiga personuppgifter som rör honom eller henne. Med hänsyn till ändamålen med behandlingen, skall den registrerade ha rätt att få ofullständiga personuppgifter avslutade, bland annat genom att tillhandahålla ett kompletterande meddelande.

Om en registrerad önskar utöva denna rätt till rättelse, han eller hon kan, när som helst, kontakta vår datatillsynsmannen eller annan anställd av regulatorn.

d) Rätt till radering (Rätt att glömmas)
Varje registrerade skall ha rätt beviljats ​​av EU: s lagstiftare att från den registeransvarige radering av personuppgifter som rör honom eller henne utan onödigt dröjsmål, och styrenheten ska ha skyldighet att radera personuppgifter utan onödigt dröjsmål där ett av följande grunder gäller så länge behandlingen är inte nödvändigt:

De personuppgifter som inte längre behövs i förhållande till de ändamål för vilka de samlades in eller på annat sätt behandlas.
Den registrerade återkallar samtycke till vilken behandlings baseras enligt punkt (a) i artikel 6 (1) av BRP, eller efter (a) av artikel 9 (2) av BRP, och där det inte finns någon annan rättslig grund för bearbetning.
Den registrerade motsätter sig behandlingen i enlighet med artikel 21 (1) av BRP och det finns inga övergripande legitima skäl för behandling, eller den registrerade objekten till bearbetning i enlighet med artikel 21 (2) av BRP.
De personuppgifter har ett olagligt behandlats.
De personuppgifter måste raderas för att fullgöra en rättslig förpliktelse i unionen eller medlemsstaterna lagstiftning som åvilar den registeransvarige.
De personuppgifter som har samlats in i samband med erbjudandet om informationssamhällets tjänster som avses i artikel 8 (1) av BRP.
Om en av de ovan nämnda orsakerna gäller och en registrerad vill begära radering av personuppgifter som lagras av Hot-World GmbH & Co. KGHan eller hon kan när som helst kontakta vår uppgiftsskyddsombud eller annan anställd av regulatorn. Personuppgiftsombudet av Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG eller annan anställd skall omgående se till att begäran radering följs omedelbart.

Om den registeransvarige har offentliggjort personuppgifter och är skyldig i enlighet med artikel 17 (1) för att radera personuppgifter, controller, med beaktande av tillgänglig teknik och kostnaderna för genomförandet skall vidta rimliga åtgärder, bland annat tekniska åtgärder för att informera andra styrenheter bearbetar de personuppgifter som den registrerade har begärt radering av sådana styrenheter för några länkar till eller kopiera eller replikering av dessa personuppgifter, när det gäller behandling inte är nödvändig. Personuppgiftsombudet av Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG eller en annan anställd ordnar de åtgärder som behövs i enskilda fall.

e) Rätt begränsning av bearbetning
Varje registrerade skall ha rätt beviljats ​​av EU: s lagstiftare att från den registeransvarige begränsning av behandling där ett av följande gäller:

Noggrannheten för personuppgifter bestrider den registrerade under en period gör det möjligt för styrenheten att kontrollera riktigheten av personuppgifter.
Behandlingen är olaglig och den registrerade motsätter sig radering av personuppgifter och önskemål istället begränsning av deras användning i stället.
Regulatorn inte längre behöver de personuppgifter för ändamålen med behandlingen, men de krävs av den registrerade för att upprätta, göra gällande eller försvara rättsliga anspråk.
Den registrerade har invändningar mot bearbetning i enlighet med artikel 21 (1) av BRP i avvaktan på verifikation om de legitima skäl hos styrenheten åsidosätta de av den registrerade.
Om en av de ovan nämnda villkor är uppfyllt, och en registrerad önskar att begära begränsning av behandling av personuppgifter lagras av Hot-World GmbH & Co. KGHan eller hon kan när som helst kontakta vår uppgiftsskyddsombud eller annan anställd av regulatorn. Personuppgiftsombudet av Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG eller en annan anställd kommer att ordna begränsning av bearbetningen.

f) Rätt till uppgiftsportabilitet
Varje registrerade skall ha rätt beviljats ​​av EU: s lagstiftare, för att få personuppgifter som rör honom eller henne, som lämnades till en styrenhet, på ett strukturerat, som vanligen används och maskinläsbart format. Han eller hon ska ha rätt att överföra dessa uppgifter till en annan styrenhet utan hinder från styrenheten till vilken personuppgifterna har lämnats, så länge behandlingen bygger på samtycke i enlighet med punkt (a) artikel 6 (1) i den BRP eller efter (a) av artikel 9 (2) av BRP, eller på ett kontrakt enligt led (b) i artikel 6 (1) av BRP, och behandlingen utförs genom automatiserade medel, så länge som behandlingen är inte nödvändig för att utföra en uppgift som utförs i allmänhetens intresse eller i myndighetsutövning kommer styrenheten.

Vidare att utöva sin rätt till uppgifter portabilitet i enlighet med artikel 20 (1) av BRP, den registrerade skall ha rätt att få personuppgifter som överförs direkt från en styrenhet till en annan, om det är tekniskt möjligt och när detta inte negativt påverka de rättigheter och friheter.

För att hävda rätten till uppgifter portabilitet, kan den registrerade när som helst kontakt uppgiftsskyddsombudet utsetts av Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG eller en annan anställd.

g) Rätt till objektet
Varje registrerade skall ha rätt beviljats ​​av EU: s lagstiftare att invända, med hänvisning till hans eller hennes särskilda situation, när som helst, till behandling av personuppgifter som rör honom eller henne, som är baserad på punkt (e) eller (f ) av artikel 6 (1) av BRP. Detta gäller även profilering baserad på dessa bestämmelser.

De Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG inte längre behandla personuppgifter i händelse av invändningen, om vi inte kan visa övertygande legitima skäl för behandling som åsidosätter intressen, rättigheter och friheter av den registrerade eller för att upprätta, göra gällande eller försvara rättsliga anspråk.

Om Hot-World GmbH & Co. KGbehandlar personuppgifter för direkt marknadsföring, skall den registrerade ha rätt att när som helst behandling av personuppgifter som rör honom eller henne för sådan marknadsföring. Detta gäller profilering i den utsträckning som det är relaterat till en sådan direkt marknadsföring. Om den registrerade motsätter sig Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG på behandling för direkt marknadsföring, den Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG kommer inte längre att behandla personuppgifter för dessa ändamål.

Dessutom har den registrerade rätt, med hänvisning till hans eller hennes särskilda situation invända mot behandling av personuppgifter som rör honom eller henne genom Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG vetenskapliga eller historiska forskningsändamål eller för statistiska ändamål i enlighet med artikel 89 (1) av BRP, såvida inte behandlingen är nödvändig för att utföra en uppgift som utförs på grund av allmänt intresse.

För att utöva den rätt till invändningar, kan den registrerade direkt kontakta uppgiftsombudet av Hot-World GmbH & Co. KGeller en annan anställd. Dessutom är den registrerade fri i samband med användning av informationssamhällets tjänster, och trots direktiv 2002/58 / EG, för att använda hans eller hennes rätt att motsätta med automatiska metoder med hjälp av tekniska specifikationer.

h) Automatiserad enskilda beslutsfattandet, bland annat profilering
Varje registrerade skall ha rätt beviljas av EU: s lagstiftare inte bli föremål för ett beslut som enbart grundas på automatisk behandling, inklusive profilering, som har rättsliga följder för honom eller henne, eller på liknande sätt avsevärt påverkar honom eller henne, så länge som beslutet (1) är inte är nödvändig för att ingå eller fullgörandet av ett avtal mellan den registrerade och en registeransvarig, eller (2) har inte tillstånd från unionen eller medlemsstaterna lagstiftning som åvilar den registeransvarige och som även innehåller ner lämpliga åtgärder för att skydda den registrerades rättigheter och friheter och legitima intressen, eller (3) är inte baserad på den registrerades uttryckliga medgivande.

Om beslutet (1) är nödvändig för att ingå eller fullgörandet av ett avtal mellan den registrerade och en registeransvarig, eller (2) den är baserad på den registrerades uttryckliga samtycke, Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG skall genomföra lämpliga åtgärder för att skydda den registrerades rättigheter och friheter och legitima intressen, åtminstone rätt att få mänskligt ingripande på den del av styrenheten, för att uttrycka sin åsikt och bestrida beslutet.

Om den registrerade önskar utöva de rättigheter avseende automatiserad enskilda beslutsfattandet, han eller hon kan när som helst direkt kontakt med våra Data Protection Officer av Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG eller en annan anställd av regulatorn.

i) Rätt att återkalla dataskydd samtycke
Varje registrerade skall ha rätt beviljas av den europeiska lagstiftaren att återkalla sitt samtycke till behandlingen av hans eller hennes personuppgifter när som helst.

f den registrerade önskar utöva rätten att återkalla sitt samtycke, kan han eller hon när som helst direkt kontakt med våra Data Protection Officer av Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG eller en annan anställd av regulatorn.

12. Skydd av personuppgifter för applikationer och ansökningsförfaranden
Den registeransvarige ska samla in och behandla personuppgifter för sökande till ändamålet med behandlingen av ansökningsförfarandet. Behandlingen kan också utföras elektroniskt. Detta är fallet, i synnerhet om en sökande lämnar motsvarande ansökningsdokument via e-post eller med hjälp av ett webbformulär på webbplatsen till kontrollenheten. Om den registeransvarige ingår ett anställningsavtal med en sökande, kommer de inlämnade uppgifterna lagras i syfte att bearbeta anställningsförhållandet i enlighet med lagkrav. Om inget anställningsavtal slutits med sökanden styrenheten ska ansökningshandlingarna automatiskt raderas två månader efter delgivningen av beslutet avslag, förutsatt att inga andra legitima intressen regulatorn motsätter sig radering.

13. Bestämmelser om uppgiftsskydd om tillämpning och användning av Facebook
På denna hemsida, har regulatorn integrerade komponenter av företaget Facebook. Facebook är ett socialt nätverk.

Ett socialt nätverk är en plats för sociala möten på Internet, en online community, som vanligtvis tillåter användare att kommunicera med varandra och interagera i en virtuell plats. Ett socialt nätverk kan fungera som en plattform för utbyte av åsikter och erfarenheter, eller aktivera Internet samfundet att ge personlig eller affärsrelaterad information. Facebook tillåter sociala nätverksanvändare att inkludera skapandet av privata profiler, ladda upp bilder, och nätverket via vänförfrågningar.

Driftsbolaget Facebook är Facebook, Inc., en Hacker Way, Menlo Park, CA 94025, USA. Om en person bosatt utanför USA eller Kanada, är regulatorn Facebook Ireland Ltd, fyra Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour, Dublin 2, Irland.

Med varje samtal upp till en av de enskilda sidorna på denna webbplats på Internet, som drivs av den registeransvarige och i vilken en Facebook komponent (Facebook plug-ins) integrerades är webbläsaren på IT-system den registrerade automatiskt uppmanas att hämta visning av den motsvarande Facebook komponenten från Facebook via Facebook komponenten. En översikt över alla Facebook Plug-ins kan nås inomhttps://developers.facebook.com/docs/plugins/. Under loppet av detta tekniskt förfarande, är Facebook kännedom om vilka specifika under platsen för vår hemsida besöktes av den registrerade.

Om den registrerade är inloggad på samma tid på Facebook, Facebook upptäcker med alla samtal upp till vår hemsida genom den registrerade, och under hela sin vistelse på vår webbplats, vilka specifika under platsen för vår Internet sida besöktes av den registrerade. Denna information samlas in via Facebook komponenten och i samband med respektive Facebook-konto för den registrerade. Om den registrerade klickar på en av Facebook knappar integrerade i vår hemsida, till exempel "Like" -knappen, eller om den registrerade lämnar en kommentar, då Facebook matchar denna information med det personliga Facebook-användare hänsyn till den registrerade och lagrar personlig information.

Facebook får alltid genom Facebook komponenten information om ett besök på vår hemsida genom att den registrerade, när den registrerade är inloggad samtidigt på Facebook under tiden för uppbådet till vår hemsida. Detta sker oavsett om den registrerade klickar på Facebook komponent eller inte. Om en sådan överföring av information till Facebook är inte önskvärt för den registrerade, då han eller hon kan förhindra detta genom att logga ut från sitt Facebook-konto innan ett samtal upp till vår hemsida görs.

Dataskyddsguiden publicerad av Facebook, som finns tillgänglig på https://facebook.com/about/privacy/, ger information om insamling, behandling och användning av personuppgifter via Facebook. Dessutom förklaras det där vilka inställningsalternativ Facebook erbjuder för att skydda den registrerades integritet. Dessutom är olika konfigurationsalternativ tillgängliga för att eliminera dataöverföring till Facebook. Dessa applikationer kan användas av den registrerade för att eliminera en dataöverföring till Facebook.

14. Bestämmelser om uppgiftsskydd om tillämpning och användning av Matomo
På denna hemsida, har regulatorn integrerat Matomo komponenten. Matomo är ett open-source programvara för webbanalys. Webbanalys är att samla in, insamling och utvärdering av data om beteendet hos besökare från webbplatser. En webbanalysverktyget samlar in, bland annat uppgifter på hemsidan som en registrerad kom till en webbplats (sk hänvisnings), vilka sidor på webbplatsen var tillgängliga eller hur ofta och vilken tidsperiod en sub-sida var tittade. En webbanalys används huvudsakligen för optimering av en webbplats och kostnads-nyttoanalys av annonsering på Internet.

Mjukvaran körs på servern av regulatorn är dataskyddskänsliga loggfiler lagrade uteslutande på den här servern.

Syftet med Matomo komponenten är en analys av besökaren flyter på vår hemsida. Regulatorn använder erhållna data och information, bland annat för att utvärdera användningen av denna webbplats för att sammanställa online-rapporter som visar de aktiviteter på våra internetsidor.

Matomo sätter en cookie på IT-system den registrerade. Definitionen av kakor förklaras ovan. Med inställningen av cookie är en analys av användningen av vår hemsida aktiverad. Med varje samtal upp till en av de enskilda sidorna på denna webbplats är webbläsaren på IT-system den registrerade automatiskt genom Matomo komponent uppmanas att lämna uppgifter för att online-analys för att vår server. Under loppet av detta tekniskt förfarande, får vi kunskap om personlig information, såsom IP-adressen för den registrerade, som tjänar till att förstå ursprunget till besökare och klick. Matomo använder bara anonyma IP-data. Matomo lagrar i databasen varje ny besökare IP-adress (IPv4- eller IPv6-format) med de senaste komponenterna avlägsnade för att skydda användarens integritet.

Cookien används för att lagra personlig information, såsom åtkomsttiden, den plats från vilken tillgång gjordes och frekvensen av besök på vår hemsida. Med varje besök av våra Internetsidor, dessa personuppgifter, inklusive IP-adressen för Internet som används av den registrerade, överförs till vår server. Dessa personuppgifter kommer att lagras av oss med IP anonymisering. Vi vill inte vidarebefordra detta personuppgifter till tredje part.

Den registrerade kan, såsom angivits ovan, att inställningen av cookies genom vår webbplats när som helst med hjälp av en motsvarande justering av webbläsaren som används och således permanent förneka inställningen av cookies. En sådan anpassning till den använda webbläsaren skulle också förhindra Matomo från sätta en cookie på IT-system den registrerade. Dessutom kan cookies används redan av Matomo raderas när som helst via en webbläsare eller andra program.

Dessutom har möjlighet att invända mot en samling av uppgifter om användning av denna webbplats som genereras av Matomo samt behandling av dessa uppgifter från Matomo och chansen att utesluta en sådan den registrerade. För detta måste den registrerade ställa en opt-out-cookien:


Opt-out cookie som är inställd för detta ändamål placeras på IT-system som används av den registrerade. Om cookies raderas om systemet för den registrerade, då den registrerade måste ringa upp länken igen och sätta en ny opt-out cookie.

Med varje inställning av opt-out cookie men det finns en möjlighet att webbplatserna för kontrollenheten inte längre fullt användbar för den registrerade.

Ytterligare information och tillämpliga bestämmelser om dataskydd i Matomo kan hämtas i https://matomo.org/privacy/.

15. Bestämmelser om uppgiftsskydd om tillämpning och användning av Twitter
På denna hemsida, har regulatorn integrerade komponenter i Twitter. Twitter är en flerspråkig, offentligt tillgängliga mikrobloggtjänst som användare kan publicera och sprida så kallade tweets, "till exempel korta meddelanden, som är begränsade till 140 tecken. Dessa korta meddelanden är tillgängliga för alla, även de som inte loggat in på Twitter. Tweets visas också att så kallade anhängare av respektive användare. Anhängare är andra Twitter-användare som följer användarens tweets. Dessutom Twitter kan du ta itu med en bred publik via hashtags, länkar eller retweets.

Driftsbolaget av Twitter är Twitter, Inc., 1355 Market Street, Suite 900, San Francisco, CA 94103, USA.

Med varje samtal upp till en av de enskilda sidorna på denna webbplats, som drivs av styrenheten och på vilken en Twitter komponent (Twitter-knappen) integrerades är webbläsaren på IT-system den registrerade automatiskt uppmanas att hämta en visning av den motsvarande Twitter komponenten i Twitter. Ytterligare information om Twitter knäppas är tillgängligt underhttps://about.twitter.com/de/resources/buttons. Under loppet av detta tekniskt förfarande, Twitter vinner kunskap om vilka specifika under sida på vår hemsida besöktes av den registrerade. Syftet med integrationen av Twitter komponenten är en återutsändning av innehållet i denna webbplats för att låta våra användare att införa denna webbsida för att den digitala världen och öka våra antalet besökare.

Om den registrerade är inloggad samtidigt på Twitter, Twitter upptäcker med alla samtal upp till vår hemsida genom den registrerade och under hela sin vistelse på vår webbplats vilka specifika under sida av vår internetsida var besök av den registrerade. Denna information samlas in via Twitter komponenten och i samband med respektive Twitter hänsyn till den registrerade. Om den registrerade klickar på en av Twitter knäppas integrerade på vår hemsida, så Twitter delar denna information till den personliga Twitter användarkontot för den registrerade och lagrar personuppgifter.

Twitter tar emot information via Twitter komponent som den registrerade har besökt vår hemsida, under förutsättning att den registrerade är inloggad på Twitter vid uppbådet till vår hemsida. Detta sker oavsett om personen klickar på Twitter komponent eller inte. Om en sådan överföring av information på Twitter är inte önskvärt för den registrerade, då han eller hon kan förhindra detta genom att logga ut från sitt Twitter-konto innan ett samtal upp till vår hemsida görs.

De tillämpliga bestämmelserna om dataskydd i Twitter kan nås inom https://twitter.com/privacy?lang=en.

16. Bestämmelser om uppgiftsskydd om tillämpning och användning av YouTube
På denna hemsida, har regulatorn integrerade komponenter i YouTube. YouTube är en Internet-video portal som gör videoutgivare att ställa in videoklipp och andra användare utan kostnad, som också ger gratis visning, granskning och kommentera dem. YouTube kan du publicera alla typer av video, så att du kan komma åt både full filmer och TV-sändningar samt musikvideor, trailers och videor som gjorts av användare via Internetportalen.

Driftsbolaget YouTube är YouTube, LLC, 901 Cherry Ave., San Bruno, CA 94066, USA. YouTube, LLC är ett dotterbolag till Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Pkwy, Mountain View, CA 94.043 till 1351, USA.

Med varje samtal upp till en av de enskilda sidorna på denna webbplats, som drivs av styrenheten och på vilken en YouTube komponent (YouTube video) integrerades är webbläsaren på IT-system den registrerade automatiskt uppmanas att hämta en visning av den motsvarande YouTube komponenten. Mer information om YouTube kan erhållas under https://www.youtube.com/intl/en/yt/about/. Under loppet av detta tekniskt förfarande, YouTube och Google få kunskap om vilka specifika under sida på vår hemsida besöktes av den registrerade.

Om den registrerade är inloggad på YouTube, erkänner YouTube med varje uppbådet till en under sida som innehåller en YouTube-video, vilka specifika under sida på vår webbplats besöktes av den registrerade. Denna information samlas in av YouTube och Google och tilldelas respektive YouTube hänsyn till den registrerade.

YouTube och Google kommer att få information via YouTube komponent som den registrerade har besökt vår hemsida, om den registrerade vid tidpunkten för samtalet till vår hemsida är inloggad på YouTube; Detta sker oavsett om personen klickar på en YouTube-video eller ej. Om en sådan överföring av denna information till YouTube och Google är inte önskvärt för den registrerade, kan leveransen förhindras om den registrerade loggar ut från sitt eget YouTube-konto innan ett samtal upp till vår hemsida görs.

YouTubes dataskyddsbestämmelserna, tillgänglig på https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/, Ger information om insamling, bearbetning och användning av personuppgifter av YouTube och Google.

17. Bestämmelser om uppgiftsskydd om tillämpning och användning av Google Cloud Messaging (CGM)
I android Repetier-Informerapp, har regulatorn integrerade komponenter i Google. android Repetier-Informer app använder Google Cloud Messaging (GCM) för att ge information till mobila slutanordningar, som sedan kan använda den i Repetier-Informer app.

Driftsbolaget Google är Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Pkwy, Mountain View, CA 94.043 till 1351, USA.

När du ställer in Repetier-Informerapp, är en befintlig grupp med motsvarande grupp-ID in eller en ny grupp skapas. Här får vi från Google enhetens ID som vi kan skicka push-meddelanden.

Med varje meddelande sänder vi meddelandetexten och om angett en länk via GCM till en specifik Google enhets-ID, så att Repetier-Informer app mottar dessa data.

Googles dataskyddsbestämmelserna, tillgänglig på https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/, Ger information om insamling, bearbetning och användning av personuppgifter från Google.

18. Bestämmelser om uppgiftsskydd om tillämpning och användning av Apple Push Notification tjänst (APN)
I iOS Repetier-Informerapp, har regulatorn integrerade komponenter i Apple. iOS Repetier-Informer Appen använder Apple Push Notification tjänst (APN) för att ge information till mobila slut enheter som sedan kan använda den i Repetier-Informer app.

Driftsbolaget Apple är Apple, en oändlig slinga Cupertino, CA 95014, USA.

När du ställer in Repetier-Informerapp, är en befintlig grupp med motsvarande grupp-ID in eller en ny grupp skapas. Här får vi från Apple enheten ID som vi kan skicka push-meddelanden.

Med varje meddelande sänder vi meddelandetexten och om angett en länk via APN till en specifik Apple-enhet ID, så att Repetier-Informer app mottar dessa data.

Apples bestämmelser om dataskydd, finns på https://www.apple.com/privacy/, Ger information om insamling, bearbetning och användning av personuppgifter av Apple.

19. Stoppa mottagning av push-meddelanden från Repetier-Informer
Det enda syftet med Repetier-Informer app är att programmen gillar Repetier-Server och Repetier-Host, Både som utvecklats av Hot-World GmbH & Co. KGSkicka statusmeddelanden på din 3D-skrivare via push-meddelande till din smartphones och / eller tabletter.

Om du inte vill ta emot push-meddelanden på din smartphone eller surfplatta kan du ta bort de tilldelade grupper appinställningarna kan du avinstallera appen eller så kan du inaktivera push-meddelanden i Repetier-Host och / eller Repetier-Server.

20. Betalningssätt: dataskydd bestämmelser om användningen av PayPal som betalningsprocessor
På denna hemsida, har regulatorn integrerade komponenter i PayPal. PayPal är en online betalningsleverantör. Betalningar behandlas via sk PayPal-konton, som representerar virtuella privata eller företagskonton. PayPal är också kunna bearbeta virtuella betalningar via kreditkort när en användare inte har ett PayPal-konto. En PayPal-konto hanteras via ett e-postadress, vilket är anledningen till det inte finns några klassiska kontonummer. PayPal gör det möjligt att utlösa online betalningar till tredje part eller att ta emot betalningar. PayPal accepterar också förvaltarfunktioner och erbjuder köpare tjänster skydd.

Den europeiska operativa bolag i PayPal är PayPal (Europe) S.à.rl & Cie. SCA, 22-24 Boulevard Royal, 2449 Luxembourg, Luxemburg.

Om den registrerade väljer "PayPal" som betalningsalternativ i online-butiken under beställningsprocessen, vi överför automatiskt data för den registrerade till PayPal. Genom att välja detta betalningsalternativ, den registrerade samtycker till överföring av personuppgifter som krävs för betalningshantering.

De personuppgifter som överförs till PayPal är oftast förnamn, efternamn, adress, e-postadress, IP-adress, telefonnummer, mobiltelefonnummer eller andra uppgifter som är nödvändiga för betalningshantering. Behandlingen av köpekontraktet kräver också sådana personuppgifter, som i samband med respektive ordning.

Överföringen av data syftar till betalningshantering och förebyggande av bedrägeri. Regulatorn kommer att överföra personuppgifter till PayPal, i synnerhet om ett legitimt intresse i transmissionen ges. De personuppgifter som utbyts mellan PayPal och styrenheten för behandling av uppgifterna kommer att överföras av PayPal ekonomiska kreditupplysningsföretag. Denna överföring är avsedd för identitet och kreditvärdighet kontroller.

PayPal kommer vid behov vidarebefordra personuppgifter till dotterbolag och tjänsteleverantörer eller underleverantörer i den mån detta är nödvändigt för att uppfylla avtalsförpliktelser eller data som ska behandlas i den ordning.

Den registrerade har möjlighet att återkalla tillstånd för hantering av personuppgifter när som helst från PayPal. En återkallelse skall inte ha någon effekt på personuppgifter som måste bearbetas, användas eller överföras i enlighet med (avtals) betalningshantering.

De tillämpliga bestämmelserna om dataskydd i PayPal kan hämtas i https://www.paypal.com/us/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-full.

21. Dataöverföring av Repetier-Host
Repetier-Host endast ansluter till webbservrar Hot-World GmbH & Co. KGatt söka efter uppdateringar eller för att hämta reklam innehåll. Om den registrerade använder en anpassad värd version av en tredje part kan värd ansluta till en webbserver för en tredje part att söka efter uppdateringar. I programmet är några länkar till webbsidor som kan öppnas i vanlig webbläsare genom att klicka på dem.

Repetier-Host kan kommunicera med Repetier-Server instanser, som kan köras på andra datorer, om de uttryckligen anslutna. Repetier-Host kan skicka och / eller ta emot data till / från Repetier-Server som G-koder, modeller, bilder, skrivarinformation, information om alla lagrade modeller, ... att kontrollera 3D-skrivare och hantera lagrade data.

Repetier-Host kan skicka 3d statusmeddelanden till Repetier-Informer app, om anslutningen uttryckligen konfigurerad.

22. Dataöverföring av Repetier-Server
Repetier-Server endast ansluter till webbservrar Hot-World GmbH & Co. KGatt söka efter uppdateringar och för att validera en in licensnyckel. Om den registrerade använder en skräddarsydd Repetier-Serverversion av en tredje part, kan servern ansluta till en webbserver för en tredje part att söka efter uppdateringar. I programmet är några länkar till webbsidor som kan öppnas i vanlig webbläsare genom att klicka på dem.

Repetier-Server kan kommunicera med Repetier-Host instanser, som kan köras på andra datorer, om de uttryckligen anslutna. Repetier-Server kan skicka och / eller ta emot data till / från Repetier-Host som G-koder, modeller, bilder, skrivarinformation, information om alla lagrade modeller, ... att kontrollera 3D-skrivare och hantera lagrade data.

Repetier-Server kan skicka 3d statusmeddelanden till Repetier-Informer app, om anslutningen uttryckligen konfigurerad.

Repetier-Serverfungerar som en webbserver och kan nås av alla de senaste webbläsare. Beroende på användarens nätverkskonfiguration, kan detta vara bara eller globalt internt. Av denna anledning rekommenderar vi att aktivera användarautentisering i Repetier-Server.

Den registrerade kan ansluta Repetier-Server till Repetier molntjänster för att få full tillgång till anslutna Repetier-Server instanser från överallt till auktoriserade användare via https://my.repetier.com. För att möjliggöra denna funktion, den Repetier molntjänster behöver lagra ytterligare data och kan också cacheserver stater, bilder och processdata som skickas från Repetier-Server.

23. Rättslig grund för behandlingen
Konst. 6 (1) lit. en BRP utgör den rättsliga grunden för förädlingsprocesser som vi får tillstånd för en viss behandling syfte. Om behandling av personuppgifter är nödvändig för att fullgöra ett avtal i vilket den registrerade är part, vilket är fallet, till exempel när förädling är nödvändiga för leverans av varor eller tillhandahålla någon annan tjänst, är behandlingen på grundval av artikel 6 (1) lit. b BRP. Detsamma gäller för sådana behandlingar som är nödvändiga för att utföra pre-avtal åtgärder, till exempel i fallet med förfrågningar om våra produkter eller tjänster. Är vårt företag föremål för en rättslig förpliktelse med vilken behandling av personuppgifter krävs, såsom för fullgörande av skatteförpliktelser är behandlingen baserad på Art. 6 (1) lit. c BRP. I sällsynta fall, behandlingen av personuppgifter kan det vara nödvändigt att skydda vitala intressen för den registrerade eller en annan fysisk person. Detta skulle vara fallet, till exempel om en besökare skadades i vårt företag och hans namn, ålder, sjukförsäkringsuppgifter eller annan viktig information måste föras vidare till en läkare, sjukhus eller annan tredje part. Då behandlingen skulle baseras på Art. 6 (1) lit. d BRP. Slutligen kan behandlingar grundas på artikel 6 (1) lit. f BRP. Denna rättsliga grund används för behandling som inte omfattas av någon av de ovan nämnda rättsliga grunder, om behandlingen är nödvändig för ändamål som rör berättigade intressen hos vårt företag eller av en tredje part, utom när sådana intressen uppvägs av den registrerades intressen eller grundläggande fri- och rättigheter den registrerade som kräver skydd av personuppgifter. Sådana förädling är särskilt tillåtet eftersom de har uttryckligen nämns av den europeiska lagstiftaren. Han ansåg att ett legitimt intresse kan antas om den registrerade är kund hos styrenheten (skäl 47 Mening 2 BRP).

24. De berättigade intressen hos den registeransvarige eller av en tredje part
Om behandlingen av personuppgifter grundar sig på artikel 6 (1) lit. f BRP vår legitimt intresse är att genomföra vår verksamhet till förmån för välbefinnande för alla våra anställda och aktieägarna.

25. Period för vilken personuppgifterna kommer att lagras
De kriterier som används för att bestämma lagringstiden för personuppgifter är respektive lagstadgade lagringsperioden. Efter utgången av denna period är motsvarande uppgifter rutinmässigt tas bort, så länge som det inte längre är nödvändigt för att uppfylla avtalet eller inledandet av ett kontrakt.

26. Tillhandahållande av personuppgifter som lagstadgade eller avtalat krav; Krav som krävs för att ingå ett avtal; Skyldighet för den registrerade att ge personuppgifter; eventuella följder av att tillhandahålla sådana uppgifter
Vi klargör att tillhandahållande av personuppgifter dels krävs enligt lag (t.ex. skatteregler) eller kan också vara resultatet av avtalsbestämmelserna (t.ex. information om avtalspartner). Ibland kan det vara nödvändigt att ingå ett avtal att den registrerade ger oss personuppgifter, som senare ska bearbetas av oss. Den registrerade är till exempel skyldig att förse oss med personuppgifter när vårt företag tecknar avtal med honom eller henne. Den icke-tillhandahållande av personuppgifter skulle få till följd att avtalet med den registrerade inte kunde slutföras. Innan personuppgifter lämnas av den registrerade måste den registrerade kontakta vår datatillsynsmannen.

27. Förekomsten av automatiserad beslutsfattande
Som ett ansvarsfullt företag, använder vi inte automatisk beslutsfattandet eller profilering.

Denna sekretesspolicy har genererats av integritetspolicyn Generator av External Data Protection Officer (https://dg-datenschutz.de/services/external-data-protection-officer/?lang=en) från DGD Deutsche Gesellschaft für Datenschutz GmbH, Som har utvecklats i samarbete med WILDE BEUGER SOLMECKE | Lawyers (https://www.wbs-law.de/) och den used hardware dealer RC GmbH (http://remarketing.company/). Den genererade sekretesspolicy har ändrats och förlängts med Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG.