以下の英語プライバシーポリシーが適用されます。 簡単なオリエンテーションのため、Google翻訳の未確認の翻訳も追加しました。

We are very delighted that you have shown interest in our enterprise. Data protection is of a particularly high priority for the management of the Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG. The use of the Repetier software (Repetier-Host, Repetier-Server, Repetier-Informer) and Repetier websites (https://www.repetier.com, http://www.repetier-server.com, https://my.repetier.com, https://forum.repetier.com, http://www.repetier-apps.com, ...) managed by Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG are possible without any indication of personal data; however, if a data subject wants to use special enterprise services via our software, app or website, processing of personal data could become necessary. If the processing of personal data is necessary and there is no statutory basis for such processing, we generally obtain consent from the data subject.

The processing of personal data, such as the name, address, e-mail address, device ID or telephone number of a data subject shall always be in line with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), and in accordance with the country-specific data protection regulations applicable to the Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG. By means of this data protection declaration, our enterprise would like to inform the general public of the nature, scope, and purpose of the personal data we collect, use and process. Furthermore, data subjects are informed, by means of this data protection declaration, of the rights to which they are entitled.

As the controller, the Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG has implemented numerous technical and organizational measures to ensure the most complete protection of personal data processed through the Repetier software, apps and websites, which are stored on dedicated web servers operated by Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG. However, Internet-based data transmissions may in principle have security gaps, so absolute protection may not be guaranteed.

1. Definitions
The data protection declaration of the Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG is based on the terms used by the European legislator for the adoption of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). Our data protection declaration should be legible and understandable for the general public, as well as our customers and business partners. To ensure this, we would like to first explain the terminology used.

In this data protection declaration, we use, inter alia, the following terms:

a) Personal data
Personal data means any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person (“data subject”). An identifiable natural person is one who can be identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier or to one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity of that natural person.

b) Data subject
Data subject is any identified or identifiable natural person, whose personal data is processed by the controller responsible for the processing.

c) Processing
Processing is any operation or set of operations which is performed on personal data or on sets of personal data, whether or not by automated means, such as collection, recording, organisation, structuring, storage, adaptation or alteration, retrieval, consultation, use, disclosure by transmission, dissemination or otherwise making available, alignment or combination, restriction, erasure or destruction.

d) Restriction of processing
Restriction of processing is the marking of stored personal data with the aim of limiting their processing in the future.

e) Profiling
Profiling means any form of automated processing of personal data consisting of the use of personal data to evaluate certain personal aspects relating to a natural person, in particular to analyse or predict aspects concerning that natural person's performance at work, economic situation, health, personal preferences, interests, reliability, behaviour, location or movements.

f) Pseudonymisation
Pseudonymisation is the processing of personal data in such a manner that the personal data can no longer be attributed to a specific data subject without the use of additional information, provided that such additional information is kept separately and is subject to technical and organisational measures to ensure that the personal data are not attributed to an identified or identifiable natural person.

g) Controller or controller responsible for the processing
Controller or controller responsible for the processing is the natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which, alone or jointly with others, determines the purposes and means of the processing of personal data; where the purposes and means of such processing are determined by Union or Member State law, the controller or the specific criteria for its nomination may be provided for by Union or Member State law.

h) Processor
Processor is a natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which processes personal data on behalf of the controller.

i) Recipient
Recipient is a natural or legal person, public authority, agency or another body, to which the personal data are disclosed, whether a third party or not. However, public authorities which may receive personal data in the framework of a particular inquiry in accordance with Union or Member State law shall not be regarded as recipients; the processing of those data by those public authorities shall be in compliance with the applicable data protection rules according to the purposes of the processing.

j) Third party
Third party is a natural or legal person, public authority, agency or body other than the data subject, controller, processor and persons who, under the direct authority of the controller or processor, are authorised to process personal data.

k) Consent
Consent of the data subject is any freely given, specific, informed and unambiguous indication of the data subject's wishes by which he or she, by a statement or by a clear affirmative action, signifies agreement to the processing of personal data relating to him or her.

2. Name and Address of the controller
Controller for the purposes of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), other data protection laws applicable in Member states of the European Union and other provisions related to data protection is:

Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG

Knickelsdorf 42

47877 Willich

Germany

Phone: +49 (0)2154 – 60 65 18

Email: info@repetier.com

Websites: https://www.repetier.com, http://www.repetier-server.com, https://my.repetier.com, https://forum.repetier.com, http://www.repetier-apps.com, ...

3. Name and Address of the Data Protection Officer
The Data Protection Officer of the controller is:

Marcus Littwin
Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG

Knickelsdorf 42

47877 Willich

Germany

Phone: +49 (0)2154 – 60 65 18

Email: info@repetier.com

Websites: https://www.repetier.com, http://www.repetier-server.com, https://my.repetier.com, https://forum.repetier.com, http://www.repetier-apps.com, ...

Any data subject may, at any time, contact our Data Protection Officer directly with all questions and suggestions concerning data protection.

4. Cookies
The Internet pages of the Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG use cookies. Cookies are text files that are stored in a computer system via an Internet browser.

Many Internet sites and servers use cookies. Many cookies contain a so-called cookie ID. A cookie ID is a unique identifier of the cookie. It consists of a character string through which internet pages and servers can be assigned to the specific Internet browser in which the cookie was stored. This allows visited Internet sites and servers to differentiate the individual browser of the dats subject from other Internet browsers that contain other cookies. A specific internet browser can be recognized and identified using the unique cookie ID.

Through the use of cookies, the Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG can provide the users of this website with more user-friendly services that would not be possible without the cookie setting.

By means of a cookie, the information and offers on our website can be optimized with the user in mind. Cookies allow us, as previously mentioned, to recognize our website users. The purpose of this recognition is to make it easier for users to utilize our website. The website user that uses cookies, e.g. does not have to enter access data each time the website is accessed, because this is taken over by the website, and the cookie is thus stored on the user's computer system. Another example is the cookie of a shopping cart in an online shop. The online store remembers the articles that a customer has placed in the virtual shopping cart via a cookie.

The data subject may, at any time, prevent the setting of cookies through our website by means of a corresponding setting of the internet browser used, and may thus permanently deny the setting of cookies. Furthermore, already set cookies may be deleted at any time via an internet browser or other software programs. This is possible in all popular Internet browsers. If the data subject deactivates the setting of cookies in the Internet browser used, not all functions of our website may be entirely usable.

5. Collection of general data and information
The websites and the Repetier API (Application Programming Interface) of the Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG collects a series of general data and information when a data subject or automated system calls up the website or API. This general data and information are stored in the server log files. Collected may be (1) the browser types and versions used, (2) the operating system used by the accessing system, (3) the website from which an accessing system reaches our website (so-called referrers), (4) the sub-websites, (5) the date and time of access to the Internet site, (6) an Internet protocol address (IP address), (7) the Internet service provider of the accessing system, and (8) any other similar data and information that may be used in the event of attacks on our information technology systems.

When using these general data and information, the Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG does not draw any conclusions about the data subject. Rather, this information is needed to (1) deliver the content of our website correctly, (2) optimize the content of our website as well as its advertisement, (3) ensure the long-term viability of our information technology systems and website technology, and (4) provide law enforcement authorities with the information necessary for criminal prosecution in case of a cyber-attack. Therefore, the Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG analyzes anonymously collected data and information statistically, with the aim of increasing the data protection and data security of our enterprise, and to ensure an optimal level of protection for the personal data we process. The anonymous data of the server log files are stored separately from all personal data provided by a data subject.

6. Registration on our website
The data subject has the possibility to register on the websites of the controller with the indication of personal data. Which personal data are transmitted to the controller is determined by the respective input mask used for the registration. The personal data entered by the data subject are collected and stored exclusively for internal use by the controller, and for his own purposes. The controller may request transfer to one or more processors (e.g. a Apple or Google push message service) that also uses personal data for an internal purpose which is attributable to the controller. The controller will send an automatic confirmation e-mail to check the double opt-in procedure as to whether the owner of the specified e-mail address decided in favor of this option.

By registering on the website of the controller, the IP address—assigned by the Internet service provider (ISP) and used by the data subject—date, and time of the registration are also stored. The storage of this data takes place against the background that this is the only way to prevent the misuse of our services, and, if necessary, to make it possible to investigate committed offenses. Insofar, the storage of this data is necessary to secure the controller. This data is not passed on to third parties unless there is a statutory obligation to pass on the data, or if the transfer serves the aim of criminal prosecution.

The registration of the data subject, with the voluntary indication of personal data, is intended to enable the controller to offer the data subject contents or services that may only be offered to registered users due to the nature of the matter in question. Registered persons are free to change the personal data specified during the registration at any time, or to have them completely deleted from the data stock of the controller.

The data controller shall, at any time, provide information upon request to each data subject as to what personal data are stored about the data subject. In addition, the data controller shall correct or erase personal data at the request or indication of the data subject, insofar as there are no statutory storage obligations. A Data Protection Officer particularly designated in this data protection declaration, as well as the entirety of the controller’s employees are available to the data subject in this respect as contact persons.

7. Contact possibility via the website
The website of the Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG contains information that enables a quick electronic contact to our enterprise, as well as direct communication with us, which also includes a general address of the so-called electronic mail (e-mail address). If a data subject contacts the controller by e-mail or via a contact form, the personal data transmitted by the data subject are automatically stored. Such personal data transmitted on a voluntary basis by a data subject to the data controller are stored for the purpose of processing or contacting the data subject. There is no transfer of this personal data to third parties.

8. Comments function in the forum on the website
The Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG offers users the possibility to leave individual comments on individual forum contributions on a forum, which is on the website of the controller. A forum is a web-based, publicly-accessible portal, through which one or more people may post articles or write down thoughts in so-called forum posts. Forum posts may usually be commented by third parties.

If a data subject leaves a comment on the forum published on this website, the comments made by the data subject are also stored and published, as well as information on the date of the commentary and on the user's (pseudonym) chosen by the data subject. In addition, the IP address assigned by the Internet service provider (ISP) to the data subject is also logged. This storage of the IP address takes place for security reasons, and in case the data subject violates the rights of third parties, or posts illegal content through a given comment. The storage of these personal data is, therefore, in the own interest of the data controller, so that he can exculpate in the event of an infringement. This collected personal data will not be passed to third parties, unless such a transfer is required by law or serves the aim of the defense of the data controller.

9. Subscription to comments in the forum on the website
The comments made in the forum of the Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG may be subscribed to by third parties. In particular, there is the possibility that a commenter subscribes to the comments following his comments on a particular forum post.

The option to subscribe to comments may be terminated at any time.

10. Routine erasure and blocking of personal data
The data controller shall process and store the personal data of the data subject only for the period necessary to achieve the purpose of storage, or as far as this is granted by the European legislator or other legislators in laws or regulations to which the controller is subject to.

If the storage purpose is not applicable, or if a storage period prescribed by the European legislator or another competent legislator expires, the personal data are routinely blocked or erased in accordance with legal requirements.

11. Rights of the data subject
a) Right of confirmation
Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator to obtain from the controller the confirmation as to whether or not personal data concerning him or her are being processed. If a data subject wishes to avail himself of this right of confirmation, he or she may, at any time, contact our Data Protection Officer or another employee of the controller.

b) Right of access
Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator to obtain from the controller free information about his or her personal data stored at any time and a copy of this information. Furthermore, the European directives and regulations grant the data subject access to the following information:

the purposes of the processing;
the categories of personal data concerned;
the recipients or categories of recipients to whom the personal data have been or will be disclosed, in particular recipients in third countries or international organisations;
where possible, the envisaged period for which the personal data will be stored, or, if not possible, the criteria used to determine that period;
the existence of the right to request from the controller rectification or erasure of personal data, or restriction of processing of personal data concerning the data subject, or to object to such processing;
the existence of the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority;
where the personal data are not collected from the data subject, any available information as to their source;
the existence of automated decision-making, including profiling, referred to in Article 22(1) and (4) of the GDPR and, at least in those cases, meaningful information about the logic involved, as well as the significance and envisaged consequences of such processing for the data subject.
Furthermore, the data subject shall have a right to obtain information as to whether personal data are transferred to a third country or to an international organisation. Where this is the case, the data subject shall have the right to be informed of the appropriate safeguards relating to the transfer.

If a data subject wishes to avail himself of this right of access, he or she may at any time contact our Data Protection Officer or another employee of the controller.

c) Right to rectification
Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator to obtain from the controller without undue delay the rectification of inaccurate personal data concerning him or her. Taking into account the purposes of the processing, the data subject shall have the right to have incomplete personal data completed, including by means of providing a supplementary statement.

If a data subject wishes to exercise this right to rectification, he or she may, at any time, contact our Data Protection Officer or another employee of the controller.

d) Right to erasure (Right to be forgotten)
Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator to obtain from the controller the erasure of personal data concerning him or her without undue delay, and the controller shall have the obligation to erase personal data without undue delay where one of the following grounds applies, as long as the processing is not necessary:

The personal data are no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which they were collected or otherwise processed.
The data subject withdraws consent to which the processing is based according to point (a) of Article 6(1) of the GDPR, or point (a) of Article 9(2) of the GDPR, and where there is no other legal ground for the processing.
The data subject objects to the processing pursuant to Article 21(1) of the GDPR and there are no overriding legitimate grounds for the processing, or the data subject objects to the processing pursuant to Article 21(2) of the GDPR.
The personal data have been unlawfully processed.
The personal data must be erased for compliance with a legal obligation in Union or Member State law to which the controller is subject.
The personal data have been collected in relation to the offer of information society services referred to in Article 8(1) of the GDPR.
If one of the aforementioned reasons applies, and a data subject wishes to request the erasure of personal data stored by the Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG, he or she may at any time contact our Data Protection Officer or another employee of the controller. The Data Protection Officer of the Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG or another employee shall promptly ensure that the erasure request is complied with immediately.

Where the controller has made personal data public and is obliged pursuant to Article 17(1) to erase the personal data, the controller, taking account of available technology and the cost of implementation, shall take reasonable steps, including technical measures, to inform other controllers processing the personal data that the data subject has requested erasure by such controllers of any links to, or copy or replication of, those personal data, as far as processing is not required. The Data Protection Officer of the Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG or another employee will arrange the necessary measures in individual cases.

e) Right of restriction of processing
Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator to obtain from the controller restriction of processing where one of the following applies:

The accuracy of the personal data is contested by the data subject, for a period enabling the controller to verify the accuracy of the personal data.
The processing is unlawful and the data subject opposes the erasure of the personal data and requests instead the restriction of their use instead.
The controller no longer needs the personal data for the purposes of the processing, but they are required by the data subject for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.
The data subject has objected to processing pursuant to Article 21(1) of the GDPR pending the verification whether the legitimate grounds of the controller override those of the data subject.
If one of the aforementioned conditions is met, and a data subject wishes to request the restriction of the processing of personal data stored by the Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG, he or she may at any time contact our Data Protection Officer or another employee of the controller. The Data Protection Officer of the Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG or another employee will arrange the restriction of the processing.

f) Right to data portability
Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator, to receive the personal data concerning him or her, which was provided to a controller, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format. He or she shall have the right to transmit those data to another controller without hindrance from the controller to which the personal data have been provided, as long as the processing is based on consent pursuant to point (a) of Article 6(1) of the GDPR or point (a) of Article 9(2) of the GDPR, or on a contract pursuant to point (b) of Article 6(1) of the GDPR, and the processing is carried out by automated means, as long as the processing is not necessary for the performance of a task carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in the controller.

Furthermore, in exercising his or her right to data portability pursuant to Article 20(1) of the GDPR, the data subject shall have the right to have personal data transmitted directly from one controller to another, where technically feasible and when doing so does not adversely affect the rights and freedoms of others.

In order to assert the right to data portability, the data subject may at any time contact the Data Protection Officer designated by the Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG or another employee.

g) Right to object
Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator to object, on grounds relating to his or her particular situation, at any time, to processing of personal data concerning him or her, which is based on point (e) or (f) of Article 6(1) of the GDPR. This also applies to profiling based on these provisions.

The Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG shall no longer process the personal data in the event of the objection, unless we can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for the processing which override the interests, rights and freedoms of the data subject, or for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.

If the Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG processes personal data for direct marketing purposes, the data subject shall have the right to object at any time to processing of personal data concerning him or her for such marketing. This applies to profiling to the extent that it is related to such direct marketing. If the data subject objects to the Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG to the processing for direct marketing purposes, the Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG will no longer process the personal data for these purposes.

In addition, the data subject has the right, on grounds relating to his or her particular situation, to object to processing of personal data concerning him or her by the Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG for scientific or historical research purposes, or for statistical purposes pursuant to Article 89(1) of the GDPR, unless the processing is necessary for the performance of a task carried out for reasons of public interest.

In order to exercise the right to object, the data subject may directly contact the Data Protection Officer of the Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG or another employee. In addition, the data subject is free in the context of the use of information society services, and notwithstanding Directive 2002/58/EC, to use his or her right to object by automated means using technical specifications.

h) Automated individual decision-making, including profiling
Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator not to be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing, including profiling, which produces legal effects concerning him or her, or similarly significantly affects him or her, as long as the decision (1) is not is necessary for entering into, or the performance of, a contract between the data subject and a data controller, or (2) is not authorised by Union or Member State law to which the controller is subject and which also lays down suitable measures to safeguard the data subject's rights and freedoms and legitimate interests, or (3) is not based on the data subject's explicit consent.

If the decision (1) is necessary for entering into, or the performance of, a contract between the data subject and a data controller, or (2) it is based on the data subject's explicit consent, the Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG shall implement suitable measures to safeguard the data subject's rights and freedoms and legitimate interests, at least the right to obtain human intervention on the part of the controller, to express his or her point of view and contest the decision.

If the data subject wishes to exercise the rights concerning automated individual decision-making, he or she may at any time directly contact our Data Protection Officer of the Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG or another employee of the controller.

i) Right to withdraw data protection consent
Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator to withdraw his or her consent to processing of his or her personal data at any time.

f the data subject wishes to exercise the right to withdraw the consent, he or she may at any time directly contact our Data Protection Officer of the Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG or another employee of the controller.

12. Data protection for applications and the application procedures
The data controller shall collect and process the personal data of applicants for the purpose of the processing of the application procedure. The processing may also be carried out electronically. This is the case, in particular, if an applicant submits corresponding application documents by e-mail or by means of a web form on the website to the controller. If the data controller concludes an employment contract with an applicant, the submitted data will be stored for the purpose of processing the employment relationship in compliance with legal requirements. If no employment contract is concluded with the applicant by the controller, the application documents shall be automatically erased two months after notification of the refusal decision, provided that no other legitimate interests of the controller are opposed to the erasure. Other legitimate interest in this relation is, e.g. a burden of proof in a procedure under the General Equal Treatment Act (AGG).

13. Data protection provisions about the application and use of Facebook
On this website, the controller has integrated components of the enterprise Facebook. Facebook is a social network.

A social network is a place for social meetings on the Internet, an online community, which usually allows users to communicate with each other and interact in a virtual space. A social network may serve as a platform for the exchange of opinions and experiences, or enable the Internet community to provide personal or business-related information. Facebook allows social network users to include the creation of private profiles, upload photos, and network through friend requests.

The operating company of Facebook is Facebook, Inc., 1 Hacker Way, Menlo Park, CA 94025, United States. If a person lives outside of the United States or Canada, the controller is the Facebook Ireland Ltd., 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour, Dublin 2, Ireland.

With each call-up to one of the individual pages of this Internet website, which is operated by the controller and into which a Facebook component (Facebook plug-ins) was integrated, the web browser on the information technology system of the data subject is automatically prompted to download display of the corresponding Facebook component from Facebook through the Facebook component. An overview of all the Facebook Plug-ins may be accessed under https://developers.facebook.com/docs/plugins/. During the course of this technical procedure, Facebook is made aware of what specific sub-site of our website was visited by the data subject.

If the data subject is logged in at the same time on Facebook, Facebook detects with every call-up to our website by the data subject—and for the entire duration of their stay on our Internet site—which specific sub-site of our Internet page was visited by the data subject. This information is collected through the Facebook component and associated with the respective Facebook account of the data subject. If the data subject clicks on one of the Facebook buttons integrated into our website, e.g. the "Like" button, or if the data subject submits a comment, then Facebook matches this information with the personal Facebook user account of the data subject and stores the personal data.

Facebook always receives, through the Facebook component, information about a visit to our website by the data subject, whenever the data subject is logged in at the same time on Facebook during the time of the call-up to our website. This occurs regardless of whether the data subject clicks on the Facebook component or not. If such a transmission of information to Facebook is not desirable for the data subject, then he or she may prevent this by logging off from their Facebook account before a call-up to our website is made.

The data protection guideline published by Facebook, which is available at https://facebook.com/about/privacy/, provides information about the collection, processing and use of personal data by Facebook. In addition, it is explained there what setting options Facebook offers to protect the privacy of the data subject. In addition, different configuration options are made available to allow the elimination of data transmission to Facebook. These applications may be used by the data subject to eliminate a data transmission to Facebook.

14. Data protection provisions about the application and use of Matomo
On this website, the controller has integrated the Matomo component. Matomo is an open-source software tool for web analysis. Web analysis is the collection, gathering and evaluation of data on the behavior of visitors from Internet sites. A web analysis tool collects, inter alia, data on the website from which a data subject came to a website (so-called referrer), which pages of the website were accessed or how often and for which period of time a sub-page was viewed. A web analysis is mainly used for the optimization of a website and the cost-benefit analysis of Internet advertising.

The software is operated on the server of the controller, the data protection-sensitive log files are stored exclusively on this server.

The purpose of the Matomo component is the analysis of the visitor flows on our website. The controller uses the obtained data and information, inter alia, to evaluate the use of this website in order to compile online reports, which show the activities on our Internet pages.

Matomo sets a cookie on the information technology system of the data subject. The definition of cookies is explained above. With the setting of the cookie, an analysis of the use of our website is enabled. With each call-up to one of the individual pages of this website, the Internet browser on the information technology system of the data subject is automatically through the Matomo component prompted to submit data for the purpose of online analysis to our server. During the course of this technical procedure, we obtain knowledge about personal information, such as the IP address of the data subject, which serves to understand the origin of visitors and clicks. Matomo uses only anonymous IP data. Matomo stores in the database each new visitor IP address (ipv4 or ipv6 format) with the last components removed to protect user’s privacy.

The cookie is used to store personal information, such as the access time, the location from which access was made, and the frequency of visits to our website. With each visit of our Internet pages, these personal data, including the IP address of the Internet access used by the data subject, are transferred to our server. These personal data will be stored by us with IP anonymisation. We do not forward this personal data to third parties.

The data subject may, as stated above, prevent the setting of cookies through our website at any time by means of a corresponding adjustment of the web browser used and thus permanently deny the setting of cookies. Such an adjustment to the used Internet browser would also prevent Matomo from setting a cookie on the information technology system of the data subject. In addition, cookies already in use by  Matomo may be deleted at any time via a web browser or other software programs.

In addition, the data subject has the possibility of objecting to a collection of data relating to a use of this Internet site that are generated by Matomo as well as the processing of these data by Matomo and the chance to preclude any such. For this, the data subject must set an opt-out cookie:

The opt-out cookie that is set for this purpose is placed on the information technology system used by the data subject. If the cookies are deleted on the system of the data subject, then the data subject must call-up the link again and set a new opt-out cookie.

With each setting of the opt-out cookie, however, there is the possibility that the websites of the controller are no longer fully usable for the data subject.

Further information and the applicable data protection provisions of Matomo may be retrieved under https://matomo.org/privacy/.

15. Data protection provisions about the application and use of Twitter
On this website, the controller has integrated components of Twitter. Twitter is a multilingual, publicly-accessible microblogging service on which users may publish and spread so-called ‘tweets,’ e.g. short messages, which are limited to 140 characters. These short messages are available for everyone, including those who are not logged on to Twitter. The tweets are also displayed to so-called followers of the respective user. Followers are other Twitter users who follow a user's tweets. Furthermore, Twitter allows you to address a wide audience via hashtags, links or retweets.

The operating company of Twitter is Twitter, Inc., 1355 Market Street, Suite 900, San Francisco, CA 94103, UNITED STATES.

With each call-up to one of the individual pages of this Internet site, which is operated by the controller and on which a Twitter component (Twitter button) was integrated, the Internet browser on the information technology system of the data subject is automatically prompted to download a display of the corresponding Twitter component of Twitter. Further information about the Twitter buttons is available under https://about.twitter.com/de/resources/buttons. During the course of this technical procedure, Twitter gains knowledge of what specific sub-page of our website was visited by the data subject. The purpose of the integration of the Twitter component is a retransmission of the contents of this website to allow our users to introduce this web page to the digital world and increase our visitor numbers.

If the data subject is logged in at the same time on Twitter, Twitter detects with every call-up to our website by the data subject and for the entire duration of their stay on our Internet site which specific sub-page of our Internet page was visited by the data subject. This information is collected through the Twitter component and associated with the respective Twitter account of the data subject. If the data subject clicks on one of the Twitter buttons integrated on our website, then Twitter assigns this information to the personal Twitter user account of the data subject and stores the personal data.

Twitter receives information via the Twitter component that the data subject has visited our website, provided that the data subject is logged in on Twitter at the time of the call-up to our website. This occurs regardless of whether the person clicks on the Twitter component or not. If such a transmission of information to Twitter is not desirable for the data subject, then he or she may prevent this by logging off from their Twitter account before a call-up to our website is made.

The applicable data protection provisions of Twitter may be accessed under https://twitter.com/privacy?lang=en.

16. Data protection provisions about the application and use of YouTube
On this website, the controller has integrated components of YouTube. YouTube is an Internet video portal that enables video publishers to set video clips and other users free of charge, which also provides free viewing, review and commenting on them. YouTube allows you to publish all kinds of videos, so you can access both full movies and TV broadcasts, as well as music videos, trailers, and videos made by users via the Internet portal.

The operating company of YouTube is YouTube, LLC, 901 Cherry Ave., San Bruno, CA 94066, UNITED STATES. The YouTube, LLC is a subsidiary of Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Pkwy, Mountain View, CA 94043-1351, UNITED STATES.

With each call-up to one of the individual pages of this Internet site, which is operated by the controller and on which a YouTube component (YouTube video) was integrated, the Internet browser on the information technology system of the data subject is automatically prompted to download a display of the corresponding YouTube component. Further information about YouTube may be obtained under https://www.youtube.com/intl/en/yt/about/. During the course of this technical procedure, YouTube and Google gain knowledge of what specific sub-page of our website was visited by the data subject.

If the data subject is logged in on YouTube, YouTube recognizes with each call-up to a sub-page that contains a YouTube video, which specific sub-page of our Internet site was visited by the data subject. This information is collected by YouTube and Google and assigned to the respective YouTube account of the data subject.

YouTube and Google will receive information through the YouTube component that the data subject has visited our website, if the data subject at the time of the call to our website is logged in on YouTube; this occurs regardless of whether the person clicks on a YouTube video or not. If such a transmission of this information to YouTube and Google is not desirable for the data subject, the delivery may be prevented if the data subject logs off from their own YouTube account before a call-up to our website is made.

YouTube's data protection provisions, available at https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/, provide information about the collection, processing and use of personal data by YouTube and Google.

17. Data protection provisions about the application and use of Google Cloud Messaging (CGM)
In the android Repetier-Informer app, the controller has integrated components of Google. The android Repetier-Informer app uses Google Cloud Messaging (GCM) to provide information to mobile end devices, which can then use it in the Repetier-Informer app.

The operating company of Google is Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Pkwy, Mountain View, CA 94043-1351, UNITED STATES.

When setting up the Repetier-Informer app, an existing group with corresponding group ID is entered or a new group is created. Here we receive from Google the device ID to which we can send push messages.

With each message we transmit the message text and if specified a link via GCM to a specific Google device ID, so that the Repetier-Informer app receives this data.

Google's data protection provisions, available at https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/, provide information about the collection, processing and use of personal data by Google.

18. Data protection provisions about the application and use of Apple Push Notification service (APNs)
In the iOS Repetier-Informer app, the controller has integrated components of Apple. The iOS Repetier-Informer app uses Apple Push Notification service (APNs) to provide information to mobile end devices, which can then use it in the Repetier-Informer app.

The operating company of Apple is Apple, 1 Infinite Loop, Cupertino, CA 95014, UNITED STATES.

When setting up the Repetier-Informer app, an existing group with corresponding group ID is entered or a new group is created. Here we receive from Apple the device ID to which we can send push messages.

With each message we transmit the message text and if specified a link via APNs to a specific Apple device ID, so that the Repetier-Informer app receives this data.

Apple’s data protection provisions, available at https://www.apple.com/privacy/, provide information about the collection, processing and use of personal data by Apple.

19. Stop receiving push messages from Repetier-Informer
The only aim of the Repetier-Informer app is that the programs like Repetier-Server and Repetier-Host, both developed by Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG, send status messages of your 3d printer via push message to your smartphones and / or tablets.

If you do not want to receive push messages on your smartphone or tablet, you can delete the assigned groups in the app settings, you can uninstall the app or you can deactivate push messages in Repetier-Host and / or Repetier-Server.

20. Payment Method: Data protection provisions about the use of PayPal as a payment processor
On this website, the controller has integrated components of PayPal. PayPal is an online payment service provider. Payments are processed via so-called PayPal accounts, which represent virtual private or business accounts. PayPal is also able to process virtual payments through credit cards when a user does not have a PayPal account. A PayPal account is managed via an e-mail address, which is why there are no classic account numbers. PayPal makes it possible to trigger online payments to third parties or to receive payments. PayPal also accepts trustee functions and offers buyer protection services.

The European operating company of PayPal is PayPal (Europe) S.à.r.l. & Cie. S.C.A., 22-24 Boulevard Royal, 2449 Luxembourg, Luxembourg.

If the data subject chooses "PayPal" as the payment option in the online shop during the ordering process, we automatically transmit the data of the data subject to PayPal. By selecting this payment option, the data subject agrees to the transfer of personal data required for payment processing.

The personal data transmitted to PayPal is usually first name, last name, address, email address, IP address, telephone number, mobile phone number, or other data necessary for payment processing. The processing of the purchase contract also requires such personal data, which are in connection with the respective order.

The transmission of the data is aimed at payment processing and fraud prevention. The controller will transfer personal data to PayPal, in particular, if a legitimate interest in the transmission is given. The personal data exchanged between PayPal and the controller for the processing of the data will be transmitted by PayPal to economic credit agencies. This transmission is intended for identity and creditworthiness checks.

PayPal will, if necessary, pass on personal data to affiliates and service providers or subcontractors to the extent that this is necessary to fulfill contractual obligations or for data to be processed in the order.

The data subject has the possibility to revoke consent for the handling of personal data at any time from PayPal. A revocation shall not have any effect on personal data which must be processed, used or transmitted in accordance with (contractual) payment processing.

The applicable data protection provisions of PayPal may be retrieved under https://www.paypal.com/us/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-full.

21. Data transmission of Repetier-Host
Repetier-Host only connects to the web servers of Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG to check for updates or to download advertising contents. If the data subject uses a customized host version of a third party, the host may connect to a web server of a third party to check for updates. In the program are some links to web pages which can be opened in the standard browser by clicking on them.

Repetier-Host can communicate with Repetier-Server instances, that may run on other computers, if they were explicitly connected. Repetier-Host can send and / or receive data to / from Repetier-Server like g-codes, models, images, printer information, information about all stored models, … to control 3d printers and manage stored data.

Repetier-Host can send 3d status messages to the Repetier-Informer app, if the connection was explicitly configured.

22. Data transmission of Repetier-Server
Repetier-Server only connects to the web servers of Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG to check for updates and to validate an entered license key. If the data subject uses a customized Repetier-Server version of a third party, the server may connect to a web server of a third party to check for updates. In the program are some links to web pages which can be opened in the standard browser by clicking on them.

Repetier-Server can communicate with Repetier-Host instances, that may run on other computers, if they were explicitly connected. Repetier-Server can send and / or receive data to / from Repetier-Host like g-codes, models, images, printer information, information about all stored models, … to control 3d printers and manage stored data.

Repetier-Server can send 3d status messages to the Repetier-Informer app, if the connection was explicitly configured.

Repetier-Server works like a web server and can be accessed by any recent web browser. Depending on the user’s network configuration, this can be internal only or globally. For this reason we highly recommend to enable user authentication in Repetier-Server.

The data subject can connect Repetier-Server to the Repetier cloud services to get full access to connected Repetier-Server instances from everywhere to authorized users via https://my.repetier.com. To allow this functionality, the Repetier cloud services need to store additional data and also may cache server states, images and process data sent from the Repetier-Server.

23. Legal basis for the processing
Art. 6(1) lit. a GDPR serves as the legal basis for processing operations for which we obtain consent for a specific processing purpose. If the processing of personal data is necessary for the performance of a contract to which the data subject is party, as is the case, for example, when processing operations are necessary for the supply of goods or to provide any other service, the processing is based on Article 6(1) lit. b GDPR. The same applies to such processing operations which are necessary for carrying out pre-contractual measures, for example in the case of inquiries concerning our products or services. Is our company subject to a legal obligation by which processing of personal data is required, such as for the fulfillment of tax obligations, the processing is based on Art. 6(1) lit. c GDPR. In rare cases, the processing of personal data may be necessary to protect the vital interests of the data subject or of another natural person. This would be the case, for example, if a visitor were injured in our company and his name, age, health insurance data or other vital information would have to be passed on to a doctor, hospital or other third party. Then the processing would be based on Art. 6(1) lit. d GDPR. Finally, processing operations could be based on Article 6(1) lit. f GDPR. This legal basis is used for processing operations which are not covered by any of the abovementioned legal grounds, if processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by our company or by a third party, except where such interests are overridden by the interests or fundamental rights and freedoms of the data subject which require protection of personal data. Such processing operations are particularly permissible because they have been specifically mentioned by the European legislator. He considered that a legitimate interest could be assumed if the data subject is a client of the controller (Recital 47 Sentence 2 GDPR).

24. The legitimate interests pursued by the controller or by a third party
Where the processing of personal data is based on Article 6(1) lit. f GDPR our legitimate interest is to carry out our business in favor of the well-being of all our employees and the shareholders.

25. Period for which the personal data will be stored
The criteria used to determine the period of storage of personal data is the respective statutory retention period. After expiration of that period, the corresponding data is routinely deleted, as long as it is no longer necessary for the fulfillment of the contract or the initiation of a contract.

26. Provision of personal data as statutory or contractual requirement; Requirement necessary to enter into a contract; Obligation of the data subject to provide the personal data; possible consequences of failure to provide such data
We clarify that the provision of personal data is partly required by law (e.g. tax regulations) or can also result from contractual provisions (e.g. information on the contractual partner). Sometimes it may be necessary to conclude a contract that the data subject provides us with personal data, which must subsequently be processed by us. The data subject is, for example, obliged to provide us with personal data when our company signs a contract with him or her. The non-provision of the personal data would have the consequence that the contract with the data subject could not be concluded. Before personal data is provided by the data subject, the data subject must contact our Data Protection Officer. Our Data Protection Officer clarifies to the data subject whether the provision of the personal data is required by law or contract or is necessary for the conclusion of the contract, whether there is an obligation to provide the personal data and the consequences of non-provision of the personal data.

27. Existence of automated decision-making
As a responsible company, we do not use automatic decision-making or profiling.

This Privacy Policy has been generated by the Privacy Policy Generator of the External Data Protection Officer (https://dg-datenschutz.de/services/external-data-protection-officer/?lang=en) from DGD Deutsche Gesellschaft für Datenschutz GmbH, which has been developed in cooperation with WILDE BEUGER SOLMECKE | Lawyers (https://www.wbs-law.de/) and the used hardware dealer RC GmbH (http://remarketing.company/). The generated privacy policy has been changed and extended by Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG.

ここにGoogle翻訳による未修正の翻訳があります：

あなたが私たちの企業に関心を示していることを非常に喜んでいます。データ保護の管理のために特に高い優先度であります Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG。の使用 Repetier ソフトウェア（ Repetier-Host, Repetier-Server, Repetier-Informer）と Repetier ウェブサイト (https://www.repetier.com, http://www.repetier-server.com, https://my.repetier.com, https://forum.repetier.com, http://www.repetier-apps.com, ...) によって管理されます Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG個人データの兆候することなく可能です。データ対象者が当社のソフトウェア、アプリやウェブサイトを経由して、特別なエンタープライズサービスを使用したい場合は、個人データの処理が必要になる可能性があります。個人データの処理が必要であり、そのような処理のための法的根拠が存在しない場合、我々は一般的にデータ主体から同意を得ます。

そのようなデータの対象者の名前、住所、電子メールアドレス、デバイスIDや電話番号は、常に一般的なデータ保護規制（GDPR）に沿って、および国固有に従わなければならないなどの個人データの処理に適用されるデータ保護規制 Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG。このデータ保護宣言によって、私たちの企業は、一般的な性質の公開、範囲、および当社が収集する個人データの目的を知らせる使用して処理したいと思います。さらに、データの対象者は、彼らが権利を与えられた権利を、このデータ保護宣言によって、通知されます。

制御装置として、 Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG 処理個人データの中で最も完全な保護を確保するための多数の技術的および組織的対策を実施しています Repetier が運営する専用のウェブサーバーに保存されているソフトウェア、アプリケーションやウェブサイト、 Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG。しかし、インターネットベースのデータ伝送は、原則的には、セキュリティのギャップを有することができるので、絶対的な保護が保証されない場合があります。

1.定義
のデータ保護宣言 Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG一般データ保護規則の採択のための欧州議会議員（GDPR）で使用される用語に基づいています。当社のデータ保護宣言は一般市民だけでなく、お客様やビジネスパートナーのための読みやすく、理解しやすいはずです。これを確実にするために、我々は、最初に使用される用語を説明したいと思います。

このデータ保護宣言で、私たちは、とりわけ、次の用語を使用します。

a）の個人データ
個人データは特定する、または特定自然人（「データ主体」）に関連する情報をいいます。識別可能な自然人は、そのような名前、識別番号、位置データ、オンライン識別子として、または物理的、生理学的に特異的な1つまたは複数の要因に識別子を参照することにより、特に、直接的または間接的に同定することができるものですその自然人の遺伝的、精神的、経済的、文化的または社会的アイデンティティ。

B）データの件名
データ対象は、その個人データ処理を担当するコントローラによって処理される任意の識別された、または識別可能な自然人です。

c）の処理
処理は、収集、記録、組織、構造、貯蔵、適応または変更、検索、相談、使用、などの自動化手段によってかどうか、個人データや個人データのセットに対して実行される任意の動作または動作のセットであります送信、配布または他の方法で利用できるように、位置合わせまたは組み合わせ、制限、消去または破壊によって開示。

d）処理の制限
処理の制限は、将来的にその処理を制限する目的で保存された個人データのマーキングです。

e）のプロファイリング
プロファイリングは、仕事、経済状況、健康状態、個人の好みでその自然人のパフォーマンスに関する側面を分析したり、予測すること、特に、自然人に関連する特定の個人的な側面を評価するために、個人データの利用からなる個人データの自動処理のいずれかの形式を意味し、 、利益、信頼性、行動、場所や動き。

f）は偽名
偽名は、そのような追加情報を別々に保持し、確保するための技術的及び組織的措置の対象とされていれば、個人データがもはや付加的な情報を使用することなく、特定のデータ対象に起因することができないように個人データの処理であります個人データを特定する、または特定の自然人に帰属されていないこと。

G）コントローラまたは処理を担当するコントローラ
処理を担当するコントローラまたはコントローラには、個人データの処理の目的と手段を決定し、単独または共同で他の人と、自然人または法人、公共機関、政府機関や他の機関です。このような処理の目的や手段が連合または加盟国の法律によって決定される場合、その指名するためのコントローラまたは特定の基準は、連合または加盟国の法律によって提供されてもよいです。

h）プロセッサ
プロセッサは、コントローラに代わって個人データを処理自然人または法人、公共機関、政府機関や他の機関です。

ⅰ）受信者
受信者は、自然人または法人、公共機関、政府機関や個人データが第三者かどうかにかかわらず、開示された別体、です。しかし、連合または加盟国の法律に基づいて、特定の照会の枠組みの中で個人データを受け取ることができる公的機関は、受信者とみなされてはなりません。これらの公的機関によるこれらのデータの処理は、処理の目的に応じて適用されるデータ保護規則を遵守しなければなりません。

j）サードパーティ
サードパーティは、自然人または法人、公共機関、政府機関やデータ主体、コントローラ、プロセッサと、コントローラまたはプロセッサの直接の権限の下で、個人データを処理するために許可された者以外の体です。

k）は同意
データ主体の同意は、任意の自由に、与えられた特定、通知、彼または彼女は、声明によって、あるいは明確な肯定的な作用によって、彼または彼女に関する個人データの処理に同意を意味していることにより、データ主体の意思を明確に表示されます。

2.コントローラの名前とアドレス
データ保護に関連する一般的なデータ保護規制（GDPR）、欧州連合およびその他の引当金の加盟国で適用可能な他のデータ保護法の目的のためのコントローラは、次のとおりです。

Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG

Knickelsdorf 42

47877 Willich

ドイツ

電話：+49（0）2154 - 60〜65 18

Eメール： info@repetier.com

ウェブサイト： https://www.repetier.com, http://www.repetier-server.com, https://my.repetier.com, https://forum.repetier.com, http://www.repetier-apps.com, ...

3.名前とデータ保護責任者の住所
コントローラのデータ保護責任者は、次のとおりです。

Marcus Littwin

Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG

Knickelsdorf 42

47877 Willich

ドイツ

電話：+49（0）2154 - 60〜65 18

Eメール： info@repetier.com

ウェブサイト： https://www.repetier.com、 http://www.repetier-server.com、 https://my.repetier.com、 https://forum.repetier.com、 http://www.repetier-apps.com、...

任意のデータ対象は、任意の時点で、データ保護に関するすべての質問や提案を直接、当社のデータ保護責任者に連絡することができます。

4.クッキー
のインターネットページ Hot-World GmbH & Co. KGクッキーを使用しています。クッキーは、インターネットブラウザを介してコンピュータ・システムに格納されているテキストファイルです。

多くのインターネットサイトとサーバーはクッキーを使用しています。多くのクッキーは、いわゆるクッキーIDが含まれています。クッキーIDは、クッキーの一意の識別子です。これは、インターネットのページやサーバは、クッキーが保存された特定のインターネットブラウザに割り当てることができるような文字列で構成されています。これは、訪問したインターネットサイトとサーバーは、他のクッキーを含む他のインターネットブラウザから被写体のDATの個々のブラウザを区別することができます。特定のインターネットブラウザが認識され、ユニークなクッキーIDを用いて同定することができます。

クッキーの使用により、 Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG クッキーの設定なしには不可能であろう、よりユーザーフレンドリーなサービスと、このウェブサイトのユーザーに提供することができます。

クッキーにより、当社のウェブサイト上の情報や特典を念頭に置いて、ユーザーと最適化することができます。クッキーは、前述のように、私たちは、当社のウェブサイトのユーザーを認識することができます。この認識の目的は、それが簡単に、ユーザーが当社のウェブサイトを利用できるようにすることです。これはウェブサイトによって引き継がれ、そしてクッキーは、このようにユーザのコンピュータシステムに格納されているため、クッキーを使用してウェブサイトの利用者は、例えば、アクセスデータをウェブサイトにアクセスするたびに入力する必要はありません。別の例は、オンラインショップのショッピングカートのクッキーです。オンラインストアは、お客様がクッキーを介して仮想ショッピングカートに置かれた記事を覚えています。

データ対象は、任意の時点で、使用のインターネットブラウザの対応する設定により、当社のウェブサイトを通じてクッキーの設定を防ぐことができ、ひいては永久クッキーの設定を拒否することができます。さらに、既に設定されたクッキーは、インターネットブラウザやその他のソフトウェアプログラムを経由していつでも削除することができます。これは、すべての一般的なインターネットブラウザで可能です。データ主体が使用され、インターネットブラウザでクッキーの設定を無効にした場合は、当社のウェブサイトのない全ての機能が完全に使用可能であってもよいです。

5.一般的なデータと情報の収集
ウェブサイトや Repetier のAPI（アプリケーション・プログラミング・インターフェース） Hot-World GmbH & Co. KGデータの件名または自動化されたシステムは、ウェブサイトまたはAPIを呼び出したときに、一般的なデータや情報のシリーズを収集します。この一般的なデータや情報は、サーバのログファイルに保存されます。（1）ブラウザのタイプとバージョンを使用することができる収集、（2）アクセスシステムによって使用されるオペレーティングシステム、（3）アクセスシステムは、当社のウェブサイト（いわゆるリファラー）に到達し、そこからウェブサイトを、（4）サブ-websites、（5）インターネットサイトへのアクセス、（6）インターネットプロトコルアドレス（IPアドレス）、（7）アクセスシステムのインターネットサービスプロバイダ、および（8）他の同様のデータの日時と当社の情報技術システムへの攻撃のイベントで使用することができる情報。

これらの一般的なデータや情報を使用する場合は、 Hot-World GmbH & Co. KGデータ主題についての結論を出すことはありません。むしろ、この情報は（1）（2）（3）当社の情報技術システムの長期的な生存率およびウェブサイトの技術を確保、当社のウェブサイトの内容だけでなく、その広告を最適化し、正確に当社のウェブサイトのコンテンツを配信するために必要です、および（4）サイバー攻撃の場合の刑事訴追のために必要な情報を法執行機関を提供しています。そのため、 Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG匿名で当社の企業のデータ保護とデータセキュリティを向上させる目的で、統計的データや情報を収集し解析して、我々が処理個人データの保護に最適なレベルを確保します。サーバーログファイルの匿名のデータは、データ主体が提供するすべての個人データとは別に保存されます。

6.当社ウェブサイトへの登録
データ対象は、個人データの表示とコントローラのウェブサイトに登録するための可能性を有しています。個人データがコントローラに送信される登録に使用されるそれぞれの入力マスクによって決定されます。データ主体により入力された個人データは、コントローラによる内部使用のために、そして彼自身の目的のために収集し、独占的に保存されます。コントローラは、コントローラに起因する内部目的のために個人データを使用して一つ以上のプロセッサ（例えば、アップルやGoogleプッシュメッセージサービス）への転送を要求することができます。コントローラは、指定された電子メールアドレスの所有者は、このオプションの賛成で決めたかどうかがダブルオプトイン手続きをチェックするために自動確認メールが送信されます。

コントローラのウェブサイト上で登録することにより、IPインターネットサービスプロバイダ（ISP）によってアドレスが割り当てられたとのデータの主題日付で使用され、登録の際にも保存されます。このデータの保存が必要な場合は、それが可能な犯罪を調査できるようにすること、これが私たちのサービスの悪用を防ぐための唯一の方法であることを背景に行われ、。限り、このデータの記憶は、コントローラを確保する必要があります。転送は刑事訴追の目的を果たす場合には、このデータは、データを渡すための法的義務がある場合を除き第三者に渡され、またはされていません。

個人情報の自主的な表示とデータ主体の登録は、のみによる問題の物質の性質のために登録されたユーザに提供することができるデータ主体の内容やサービスを提供するために、コントローラを有効にすることを意図しています。登録者はいつでも登録時に指定した個人データを変更すること、またはそれらが完全にコントローラのデータストックから削除してしまったために無料です。

データコントローラは、いつでも、個人データは、データ対象について格納されているもののように、各データ対象への要求に応じて情報を提供しなければなりません。また、データ制御部には、法定ストレージ義務がない限り、データ対象の要求または指示に個人データを修正または消去しなければなりません。データ保護担当者は、特に、このデータ保護宣言で指定され、ならびにコントローラの従業員の全体は、接触者などのこの点でデータ対象に利用可能です。

7.ウェブサイトからの連絡の可能性
のウェブサイト Hot-World GmbH & Co. KGまた、いわゆる電子メール（E-mailアドレス）の一般的なアドレスを含み、当社の企業への迅速な電子接触だけでなく、私たちとの直接通信を可能とする情報が含まれています。データ対象の連絡先電子メールでまたは接触フォームを介してコントローラと、データ対象によって送信された個人データを自動的に格納されます。データコントローラ対象データによって自主的に送信され、そのような個人データは、処理の目的またはデータ対象に接触するために格納されています。第三者にその個人データのない転送はありません。

8.コメントはウェブサイト上のフォーラムで機能する
ザ・ Hot-World GmbH & Co. KGユーザーは、コントローラのウェブサイト上にあるフォーラム、上の個々のフォーラムへの貢献上の個々のコメントを残す可能性を提供しています。フォーラムは、一つ以上の人が記事を投稿したり、いわゆるフォーラムの投稿で思考を書き留めることがあり、それを通して、ウェブベース、公的にアクセス可能なポータルサイトです。フォーラムの投稿は通常、第三者がコメントすることができます。

データ主体は、このウェブサイトで公開フォーラムにコメントを残した場合は、データ主体によって行われたコメントも、保存され、公開されているだけでなく、データの対象者が選択したユーザーの（仮名）の解説のと日付の情報として。また、データ対象へのインターネットサービスプロバイダ（ISP）によって割り当てられたIPアドレスも記録されています。IPアドレスのこのストレージは、セキュリティ上の理由から行われ、ケース内のデータ対象が与えられたコメントによる第三者の権利、または支柱違法なコンテンツに違反します。彼が侵害した場合にexculpateことができるように、これらの個人データのストレージは、データコントローラの自身の利益のために、それゆえ、あります。これは、個人データが第三者に渡されることはありません収集し、

9.ウェブサイト上のフォーラムのコメント購読
のフォーラムで行われたコメント Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG第三者によってサブスクライブすることができます。特に、コメンターは、特定のフォーラムのポストに彼のコメント次のコメントに加入している可能性があります。

コメントを購読するためのオプションは、いつでも終了させることができます。

10.日常の消去や個人データのブロック
データコントローラは、限り、これはコントローラが対象とされている法令欧州議員や他の議員によって付与されるように処理し、保存するデータ主体の個人データをストレージのみの目的を達成するために必要な期間のために、またはものに。

ストレージ目的が適用されない場合は、欧州議会議員や他の有能な議員が規定する保存期間が満了した場合、または、個人データは、日常ブロックまたは法的要件に従って消去されます。

11.データ主題の権利
a）確認の権利
各データ対象は、彼または彼女に関する個人データが処理されているか否かを、コントローラからの確認を得るために、欧州議会議員によって付与された権利を有します。データ主体が確認のこの権利の自分自身を役に立つしたい場合、彼または彼女は、いつでも、私たちのデータ保護オフィサーまたはコントローラの他の従業員に連絡することがあります。

b）のアクセス権
各データ対象は、任意の時点で保存された彼または彼女の個人データに関するコントローラ無料の情報と、この情報のコピーから取得するために、欧州議会議員によって付与された権利を有します。さらに、欧州指令および規制は、以下の情報対象のデータへのアクセスを付与します。

処理の目的。
関係する個人データのカテゴリ。
個人データがされているか、第三国や国際組織内の特定の受信者に、開示する者に、受信者の受信者またはカテゴリ;
可能な場合は、個人データが格納され、または、可能でない場合、その期間を決定するために基準を使用されるために想定される期間。
データ被験者に関する個人データの処理の制御整流又は個人データの消去、又は制限からの要求、又はそのような処理に反対する権利の存在。
監督当局に苦情を申し立てる権利が存在します。
個人データは、データ対象からそのソースにのような任意の利用可能な情報を収集していない場合。
の影響を想定プロファイリングを含む自動化された意思決定、の存在第22条（1）にいうと、（4）GDPR及び、少なくともこれらの場合において、関与するロジック、並びに意義に関する意味のある情報とデータ対象のためのそのような処理を行います。
さらに、データの対象は、個人データを第3国または国際機関に転送されているかどうかについての情報を取得する権利を有します。これが事実である場合には、データ主体は、転送に関する適切な安全措置を知らされる権利を有します。

データ主体は、アクセスのこの権利の自分自身を役に立つしたい場合、彼または彼女はいつでも私たちのデータ保護オフィサーまたはコントローラの他の従業員に連絡することがあります。

c）整流の権利
各データ対象は、不当な遅滞なく、コントローラから彼または彼女に関する不正確な個人データの整流を取得するために、欧州議会議員によって付与された権利を有します。アカウントへの加工の目的を考えると、データの対象は、不完全な個人データは補足文を提供する手段によるものを含め、完成持っている権利を有します。

データ主体が整流にこの権利を行使することを希望する場合は、彼または彼女は、いつでも、私たちのデータ保護オフィサーまたはコントローラの他の従業員に連絡することがあります。

d）右消去する（忘れられる権利）
各データ対象は、不当な遅延なしに彼または彼女についてのコントローラからの個人データの消去を取得するために、欧州議会議員によって付与された権利を有するもの、およびコントローラは、次の理由の1不当な遅延なしに個人データを消去する義務を有するものとします処理が必要ではない限り、適用されます。

個人データは、彼らが収集または他の方法で処理されたため目的との関係ではもはや必要ありません。
データ対象は、（A）GDPRの第9条（2）のGDPRの第6条（1）、またはポイント（A）のポイントに応じて処理の基礎とすることに同意し、ここで、他の法的根拠が存在しないを撤回します処理のため。
データ対象は、第21条に基づき処理対象（1）GDPRおよび第21条に基づき処理にためのオーバーライド正当な理由、またはデータ対象オブジェクトが存在しない（2）GDPRの。
個人データは、不法に処理されています。
個人データは、コントローラが対象とする連合または加盟国法律の法的義務の遵守のために消去されなければなりません。
個人データはGDPRの第8条（1）で言及した情報化社会サービスの提供に関連して収集されています。
前述の理由の一つが適用され、データ対象はによって記憶された個人データの消去を要求することを望む場合 Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG、彼または彼女はいつでも私たちのデータ保護オフィサーまたはコントローラの他の従業員に連絡することがあります。のデータ保護オフィサー Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG または、別の従業員が速やかに消去要求がすぐに遵守されていることを確実にしなければなりません。

コントローラは、（1）個人データを消去するために、個人データを公開しており、第17条に基づき義務付けられている場合は、コントローラは、利用可能な技術および実装のコストを考慮して、他を知らせるために、技術的措置を含む合理的な措置をとらなければなりませんデータ主体が、あるいは限り処理が必要とされていないとして、コピー、またはそれらの個人データの複製へのリンクのようにコントローラによって消去を要求した個人データを処理するコントローラ。のデータ保護オフィサー Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG または他の従業員は、個々のケースで必要な措置を手配します。

e）処理の制限権
各データ対象は、次のいずれかが適用される処理のコントローラ制限から取得するために、欧州議会議員によって付与された権利を有するものとします。

個人データの精度は、個人データの正確性を検証するために、コントローラを有効期間の間、データ対象によって争われます。
処理は違法であり、データ対象は、個人データと要求の消去代わり代わりに、それらの使用の制限に対抗します。
コントローラは、もはや処理のために個人データを必要としないが、それらは法的請求の確立、行使または防衛のためのデータ主体によって必要とされています。
データ対象は、コントローラの正当な理由は、データ対象のものを上書きするかどうかを検証ペンディング処理GDPRの第21条（1）に基づき反対ました。
上記条件の一つが満たされ、データ対象はによって記憶された個人データの処理の制限を要求することを望む場合 Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG、彼または彼女はいつでも私たちのデータ保護オフィサーまたはコントローラの他の従業員に連絡することがあります。のデータ保護オフィサー Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG または他の従業員は、処理の制限を手配します。

f）はデータの可搬性に右
各データ対象は構造化された、一般的に使用され、機械読み取り可能な形式で、コントローラに提供された彼または彼女に関する個人データを、受信するためにヨーロッパの議員によって付与された権利を、持っているものとします。彼または彼女は、個人データがでていれば処理は第6条（1）のポイント（A）に基づき同意に基づいているとして、提供されているようにコントローラから支障なく別のコントローラにそれらのデータを送信する権利を有するものGDPRまたはポイント（A）GDPRの第9条（2）の、または契約上の点に基づき（B）GDPRの第6条（1）の、処理を限り、自動化された手段によって行われます。処理は、公共の利益のためにまたはコントローラに帰属職権の行使に行われたタスクのパフォーマンスのために必要ではありません。

さらに、第20条に基づき、データの可搬性に彼または彼女の権利を行使して（1）GDPRの、データ主体は別の、どこ技術的に実現可能な1つのコントローラから直接送信された個人データを持っている権利を有するものとやったときにそうしません悪他人の権利と自由に影響を与えます。

データの移植に対する権利を主張するために、データ対象は、任意の時間接触でデータ保護担当者によって指定されてもよいです Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG または他の従業員。

g）反対する権利
各データ対象は、ポイント（e）に基づいている彼または彼女に関する個人データの処理に任意の時点で、彼または彼女の特定の状況に関連する理由で、オブジェクトへの欧州の議員によって付与された権利、または（Fを持たなければなりません）GDPRの第6条（1）の。これはまた、これらの規定に基づくプロファイリングに適用されます。

ザ・ Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG 私たちは、情報主体の利益、権利と自由を上書き処理するため、または法的請求の確立、行使または防衛のための説得力の正当な根拠を示すことができない限り、もはや、異議の際に個人データを処理してはなりません。

もし Hot-World GmbH & Co. KGダイレクトマーケティングの目的のために個人データを処理し、データの対象は、マーケティングのために彼または彼女に関する個人データの処理にいつでも異議を唱える権利を有します。これは、それが、このようなダイレクトマーケティングに関連している程度にプロファイリングに適用されます。データ対象はに反対した場合 Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG ダイレクトマーケティングの目的のための処理に、 Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG もはやこれらの目的のために個人データを処理しません。

また、データの対象はで彼または彼女に関する個人データの処理に反対するために彼または彼女の特定の状況に関連する根拠に権利を有しています Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG 科学や歴史的な研究目的のために、または第89条に基づき、統計目的のために（1）GDPRの、処理は、公益上の理由から行われたタスクのパフォーマンスのために必要でない限り。

オブジェクトの権利を行使するためには、データ主体は、直接のデータ保護責任者に連絡することができ Hot-World GmbH & Co. KGまたは他の従業員。また、データの対象は、技術仕様を使って自動化された手段により異議を彼または彼女の右を使用するために、情報社会サービスの利用の状況であり、指令58分の2002 / ECにもかかわらず無料です。

h）は、プロファイリングを含め、個々の意思決定を、自動化
各データ対象が決定限り、彼または彼女に影響を及ぼし同様に大幅に彼または彼女、またはに関する法的効果をもたらすプロファイリングなどの自動処理、のみに基づいて意思決定を受けることがないヨーロッパの議員によって付与された権利を有するもの（1）に入るために必要である、またはデータ対象及びデータコントローラとの間の契約のパフォーマンス、又は（2）コントローラが対象であり、これはまた、産むた連合または加盟国の法律によって許可されていないではありませんダウン、適切な措置は、データ対象者の権利と自由と合法的な利益を保護するために、または（3）データの対象者の明確な同意に基づくものではありません。

決定は、（1）に入るために必要な、またはデータ対象との間の契約のパフォーマンスおよびデータコントローラであり、又は（2）には、データ対象の明示的な同意に基づいている場合、 Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG ビューの彼または彼女のポイントを表現し、意思決定を争うために、コントローラの一部の人間の介入を得るために少なくとも権利、データ対象者の権利と自由と合法的利益を保護するための適切な措置を実施しなければなりません。

データ主体は、自動化された個々の意思決定に関する権利を行使することを希望する場合は、彼または彼女はいつでも直接当社のデータ保護責任者に連絡することができ Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG またはコントローラの他の従業員。

ⅰ）データ保護の同意を撤回する権利
各データ対象は、いつでも自分の個人データの処理に彼または彼女の同意を撤回する欧州の議員によって付与された権利を有します。

データ主体の同意を撤回する権利を行使したいfは、彼または彼女はいつでも直接当社のデータ保護責任者に連絡することができ Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG またはコントローラの他の従業員。

12.アプリケーションのデータ保護とアプリケーション手順
データコントローラは、申請手続きの処理のために応募者の個人情報を収集して処理しなければなりません。処理はまた、電子的に行うことができます。申請者は、Eメールまたはコントローラにウェブサイト上のWebフォームにより、対応する出願書類を提出する場合、これは、特に、ケースです。データ・コントローラは、申請者との雇用契約を締結した場合、提出されたデータは、法的要件に準拠した雇用関係を処理する目的のために保存されます。何の雇用契約がコントローラによって申請者との間で締結されていない場合は、出願書類が自動的に2ヶ月拒絶の決定の通知後に消去されなければならない、コントローラの他の正当な利益を消去に反対されていないことを条件とします。

13. Facebookのアプリケーションおよび使用に関するデータ保護規定
このウェブサイトでは、コントローラは、企業のFacebookのコンポーネントを統合しました。Facebookはソーシャルネットワークです。

ソーシャルネットワークは、インターネット上の社会的な会合、通常、ユーザーが相互に通信し、仮想空間で対話することを可能にするオンラインコミュニティのための場所です。ソーシャルネットワークは、意見や経験の交換のためのプラットフォームとして機能し、または、個人やビジネス関連の情報を提供するために、インターネットコミュニティを可能にします。Facebookはソーシャルネットワークのユーザーが、プライベートプロファイルの作成が含まれる写真をアップロードし、友達リクエストを介してネットワークすることができます。

Facebookのの運営会社は、Facebookの、株式会社、1人のハッカーウェイ、メンロパーク、CA 94025、米国です。人は米国やカナダの外に住んでいる場合は、コントローラは、Facebookのアイルランド（株）、4大運河広場、大運河の港、ダブリン2、アイルランドにあります。

コントローラによって、どのFacebookのコンポーネントに操作され、このインターネットのウェブサイトの個々のページのいずれかに各コールアップで（Facebookはプラグイン）を統合して、データ主体の情報技術システム上のWebブラウザであります自動的にFacebookのコンポーネントを介してFacebookのから対応するFacebookのコンポーネントの表示をダウンロードするように指示。すべてのFacebookのプラグインの概要については、下にアクセスすることができます。https://developers.facebook.com/docs/plugins/。この技術的手順の過程で、Facebookのは、当社のウェブサイトの特定のサブサイトがデータ主体が訪れていたものを認識して作られています。

データ主体がFacebook上で同時にログインしている場合、Facebookはデータの主題とすることにより、当社のインターネットサイト - 私たちのインターネットの特定のサブサイトでの滞在の全期間については、当社のウェブサイトへのすべてのコールアップを検出し、ページは、データ主体が訪れました。この情報は、Facebookのコンポーネントを介して収集され、データ対象のそれぞれのFacebookのアカウントに関連付けられています。データ対象は、ボタン「のように」など、当社のウェブサイトに統合Facebookのボタンのいずれかをクリックするか、データの対象者がコメントを提出した場合、その後、Facebookは情報主体の個人的なFacebookのユーザーアカウントで、この情報と一致して保存した場合個人データ。

Facebookは常に、Facebookのコンポーネントを介して、データ主体は、当社のウェブサイトへのコールアップの期間中にFacebook上で同時にログインするたびにデータ主体によって当社のウェブサイトへの訪問についての情報を受け取ります。これは関係なく、データの対象者がFacebookの部品かをクリックするかどうかに発生します。Facebookのへの情報のような伝送は、データ主体のために望ましくない場合は、当社のウェブサイトへのコールアップが行われる前に、彼または彼女は、自分のFacebookアカウントからログオフすることによって、これを防ぐことができます。

Facebookが発行するデータ保護ガイドライン（https://facebook.com/about/privacy/）は、Facebookによる個人データの収集、処理、使用に関する情報を提供します。 さらに、データ主題のプライバシーを保護するためにFacebookが提供する設定オプションについても説明されています。 さらに、さまざまな設定オプションを使用してFacebookへのデータ送信を排除できます。 これらのアプリケーションは、データ主体がFacebookへのデータ送信を排除するために使用することができます。

14. Matomoのアプリケーションおよび使用に関するデータ保護条項
このウェブサイトでは、コントローラは、Matomoのコンポーネントを統合しました。Matomoのは、ウェブ解析のためのオープンソースのソフトウェアツールです。ウェブ解析は、インターネットサイトからの訪問者の行動に関するデータの収集、収集と評価です。ウェブ解析ツールは、データ主体は、ウェブサイトのページにアクセスしたりする頻度と時間のどの期間のサブページだったウェブサイト（いわゆるリファラ）、に来て、そこからウェブサイト上で、とりわけ、データを収集し、閲覧。ウェブ解析は、ウェブサイトの最適化とインターネット広告の費用便益分析のために主に使用されています。

ソフトウェアは、コントローラのサーバー上で動作する、データ保護に敏感なログファイルは、このサーバーにのみ保存されます。

Matomoのコンポーネントの目的は、訪問者の分析は、当社のウェブサイト上で流れています。コントローラは、当社のインターネットページ上の活性を示すオンラインレポートを、コンパイルするために、このウェブサイトの使用を評価するために、得られたデータや情報、とりわけ、使用しています。

Matomoのは、データ主体の情報技術システム上のクッキーを設定します。クッキーの定義は、上記で説明されます。クッキーの設定では、当社のウェブサイトの使用の分析が有効になっています。このウェブサイトの個々のページのいずれかに各呼び出しアップして、データ主体の情報技術システム上のインターネットブラウザが自動的にMatomoのコンポーネントを介して当社のサーバーにオンライン分析の目的のためにデータを提出するよう求めています。この技術的手順の過程で、我々は、このような訪問者とクリックの起源を理解するのに役立つデータ主体のIPアドレスなど、個人情報についての知識を得ます。Matomoのは、匿名のIPデータを使用しています。データベース内Matomoの店、ユーザーのプライバシーを保護するために除去最後のコンポーネントとそれぞれの新しい訪問者のIPアドレス（IPv4またはIPv6形式）。

クッキーは、アクセス時間、アクセスが行われた場所、および当社のウェブサイトへの訪問の頻度として、個人情報を格納するために使用されます。当社のインターネットページの各訪問では、データ主体が使用するインターネット接続のIPアドレスを含むこれらの個人情報は、当社のサーバーに転送されます。これらの個人情報は、IPの匿名化してくれることで保存されます。当社は、第三者にこの個人データを転送しません。

データ対象は、上述のように、使用するWebブラウザの対応する調整によって、いつでも当社のウェブサイトを通じてクッキーの設定を防ぐため、恒久的にクッキーの設定を拒否することができます。使用されるインターネットブラウザにこのような調整は、データ主体の情報技術システム上でクッキーを設定からMatomoのを防止するであろう。また、Matomoのことで、すでに使用されているクッキーは、Webブラウザやその他のソフトウェアプログラムを経由していつでも削除することができます。

また、データの対象はMatomoのによって生成され、このインターネットサイトだけでなく、Matomoのことで、これらのデータの処理と、そのようなを排除する機会の使用に関するデータの収集に反対する可能性があります。このため、データの対象は、オプトアウトCookieを設定する必要があります。


この目的のために設定されているオプトアウトCookieは、データ主体が使用する情報技術システムの上に置かれています。クッキーは、データ対象のシステム上で削除された場合は、データの対象は、再びリンクをアップ呼び出し、新しいオプトアウトCookieを設定する必要があります。

オプトアウトCookieの各設定では、しかし、コントローラのウェブサイトは、データ主体のために、もはや完全に利用可能である可能性があります。

さらなる情報とMatomoの適用のデータ保護規定を下に検索することができます https://matomo.org/privacy/。

15. Twitterのアプリケーションと使用に関するデータ保護条項
このウェブサイトでは、コントローラは、ツイッターのコンポーネントを統合しました。Twitterは、ユーザーが公開して140文字に制限されているいわゆる「つぶやき、」例えば短いメッセージを広める可能性がある上、多言語、公的にアクセス可能なマイクロブログサービスです。これらの短いメッセージはツイッターにログオンしていない者を含む、すべての人のために用意されています。ツイートはまた、それぞれのユーザの、いわゆるフォロワーに表示されます。フォロワーは、ユーザーのツイートをフォローし、他のTwitterユーザーです。さらに、Twitterはあなたがハッシュタグ、リンクやリツイートを経由して幅広い視聴者に対処することができます。

ツイッターの運営会社は、ツイッター社、1355マーケットストリート、スイート900、サンフランシスコ、CA 94103、UNITED STATESです。

コントローラによって操作された上でTwitterのコンポーネント（Twitterのボタン）が統合された、データ主体の情報技術システム上のインターネットブラウザが自動的に促され、このインターネットサイトの個々のページのいずれかに各呼び出しアップ、とツイッターの対応Twitterのコンポーネントの表示をダウンロードします。Twitterのボタンの詳細については、下に提供されていますhttps://about.twitter.com/de/resources/buttons。この技術的手順の過程で、Twitterは、当社のウェブサイトの特定のサブページには、データ主体が訪れたかの知識を得ます。Twitterのコンポーネントの統合の目的は私達のユーザーがデジタルの世界に、このWebページを紹介し、私たちの訪問者数を増加できるようにするには、このウェブサイトの内容の再送信です。

データ主体がツイッター上で同時にログインしている場合、Twitterは情報主体により、当社のインターネットページの特定のサブページだった私たちのインターネットサイト上の滞在の全期間については、当社のウェブサイトへのすべてのコールアップを検出し、データ主体で訪問しました。この情報は、Twitterのコンポーネントを介して収集され、データ対象のそれぞれのTwitterアカウントに関連付けられています。データ対象者が当社のウェブサイト上に集積Twitterのボタンのいずれかをクリックすると、Twitterは情報主体の個人のTwitterユーザーアカウントにこの情報を割り当て、個人データを格納します。

Twitterは、データの対象者がデータ主体は、当社のウェブサイトへのコールアップの時にツイッターにログインしていることを条件として、当社のウェブサイトを訪問したTwitterのコンポーネントを介して情報を受け取ります。これは関係なく、人はTwitterのコンポーネントかをクリックするかどうかに発生します。ツイッターへの情報のような伝送は、データ主体のために望ましくない場合は、当社のウェブサイトへのコールアップが行われる前に、彼または彼女は、自分のTwitterアカウントからログオフすることによって、これを防ぐことができます。

Twitterでの適用可能なデータ保護規定が下アクセスすることができます。 https://twitter.com/privacy?lang=en。

16. YouTubeのアプリケーションおよび使用に関するデータ保護条項
このウェブサイトでは、コントローラは、YouTubeのコンポーネントを統合しました。YouTubeはまた、無料の閲覧、レビューおよびそれらにコメントを提供料、無料のビデオクリップや他のユーザーを設定するには、ビデオパブリッシャーを可能にインターネットビデオポータルサイトです。YouTubeは、あなたがビデオのすべての種類を公開することができますので、あなたは完全な映画やテレビ放送の両方にアクセスできるだけでなく、インターネット・ポータルを経由してユーザーによって作られたミュージックビデオ、トレーラー、およびビデオ。

YouTubeでの運営会社は、YouTube、LLC、901チェリーアベニュー、サンブルーノ、CA 94066、UNITED STATESです。YouTubeは、LLCは、Google Inc.、1600アンフィシアターパークウェイ、マウンテンビュー、カリフォルニア州94043から1351、UNITED STATESの子会社です。

コントローラによって操作された上でYouTubeのコンポーネント（YouTubeの動画）を統合して、データ主体の情報技術システム上のインターネットブラウザが自動的に促され、このインターネットサイトの個々のページのいずれかに各呼び出しアップ、と対応するYouTubeのコンポーネントの表示をダウンロードします。YouTubeでの詳細については、下に取得することができます https://www.youtube.com/intl/en/yt/about/。この技術的手順の過程では、YouTubeとGoogleは、当社のウェブサイトの特定のサブページには、データ主体が訪れたかの知識を得ます。

データ主体がYouTubeでログインしている場合、YouTubeは、当社のインターネットサイトの特定のサブページがデータ主体が訪れたYouTubeの動画を、含まれているサブページへの各コールアップと認識しています。この情報は、YouTubeやGoogleで収集し、データ主体のそれぞれのYouTubeアカウントに割り当てられます。

YouTubeやGoogleは、当社のウェブサイトへの呼び出しの時点でのデータ主体がYouTubeでログインしている場合はデータ主体は、当社のウェブサイトを訪問したYouTubeのコンポーネントを介して情報を受信します。これは関係なく、人はYouTubeの動画かをクリックしたかどうかに発生します。YouTubeやGoogleにこの情報のこのような伝送は、データ主体のために望ましくない場合は、当社のウェブサイトへのコールアップが行われる前に、データ主体は自分のYouTubeアカウントからログオフした場合、配達を防止することができます。

で入手可能なYouTubeのデータ保護規定、 https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/、YouTubeやGoogleによる個人情報の収集、処理、および使用に関する情報を提供します。

17. Google Cloud Messaging（CGM）のアプリケーションおよび使用に関するデータ保護条項
アンドロイドで Repetier-Informerアプリは、コントローラは、グーグルのコンポーネントを統合しました。アンドロイド Repetier-Informer アプリは、その後にそれを使用することができ、モバイルエンドデバイスに情報を提供するために、Googleクラウドメッセージング（GCM）を使用しています Repetier-Informer アプリ。

グーグルの運営会社は、Google Inc.、1600アンフィシアターパークウェイ、マウンテンビュー、カリフォルニア州94043から1351、UNITED STATESです。

設定するときは Repetier-Informerアプリ、対応するグループIDを持つ既存のグループが入力されているか、新しいグループが作成されます。ここでは、Googleからの私たちはプッシュメッセージを送信できるデバイスIDを受け取ります。

各メッセージで、私たちは、メッセージテキストを送信し、そのように特定のGoogleのデバイスIDへのGCM経由でリンクを指定した場合 Repetier-Informer アプリは、このデータを受け取ります。

で入手可能なGoogleのデータ保護規定、 https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/、Googleによる個人情報の収集、処理、および使用に関する情報を提供します。

18. Apple Push Notification Service（APN）のアプリケーションおよび使用に関するデータ保護条項
iOS版で Repetier-Informerアプリは、コントローラは、Appleのコンポーネントを統合しました。iOS版 Repetier-Informer アプリは、その後にそれを使用することができ、モバイルエンドデバイスに情報を提供するために、Appleのプッシュ通知サービス（APNを）を使用しています Repetier-Informer アプリ。

アップルの運営会社は、Apple、1無限ループ、クパチーノ、CA 95014、UNITED STATESです。

設定するときは Repetier-Informerアプリ、対応するグループIDを持つ既存のグループが入力されているか、新しいグループが作成されます。ここでは、Apple社から、我々はプッシュメッセージを送ることができるために、デバイスのIDを受け取ります。

各メッセージで、私たちは、メッセージテキストを送信し、そのように、特定のAppleデバイスIDへのAPNを経由してリンクを指定した場合 Repetier-Informer アプリは、このデータを受け取ります。

で入手可能なAppleのデータ保護規定、 https://www.apple.com/privacy/、アップルによる個人データの収集、処理、および使用に関する情報を提供します。

19.停止からプッシュメッセージを受信 Repetier-Informer
の唯一の目的 Repetier-Informer アプリは、プログラムが好きなことです Repetier-Server そして Repetier-Host、両方によって開発されました Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG、あなたのスマートフォンおよび/またはタブレットへのプッシュメッセージを介して、あなたの3Dプリンタのステータスメッセージを送信します。

あなたがあなたのスマートフォンやタブレットにプッシュメッセージを受信したくない場合は、アプリをアンインストールすることができ、アプリの設定で割り当てられたグループを削除するか、でプッシュメッセージを無効にすることができます Repetier-Host および/または Repetier-Server。

20.支払方法：支払プロセッサとしてPayPalの使用に関するデータ保護規定
このウェブサイトでは、コントローラは、ペイパルのコンポーネントを統合しました。PayPalはオンライン決済サービスプロバイダーです。支払いは、仮想プライベートやビジネスアカウントを表し、いわゆるPayPalのアカウントを介して処理されます。PayPalは、ユーザーがPayPalアカウントを持っていない時にクレジットカードを介して仮想支払いを処理することができます。PayPalアカウントには、古典的な口座番号が存在しない理由である電子メールアドレスを介して管理されています。PayPalは、第三者にオンライン決済をトリガするか、支払いを受けることが可能となります。PayPalはまた、受託者の機能を受け入れ、買い手保護サービスを提供しています。

ペイパルの欧州の事業会社は、ペイパル（ヨーロッパ）S.à.rl＆Cieのである。SCA、22-24大通りロイヤル、2449ルクセンブルク、ルクセンブルク。

データ主体が注文処理中に、オンラインショップでのお支払いオプションとして「ペイパル」を選択した場合、我々は自動的にペイパルへのデータ対象のデータを送信します。この支払いオプションを選択することで、データの対象は、支払い処理のために必要な個人データの転送に同意するものとします。

PayPalに送信された個人データは通常、姓、名、住所、電子メールアドレス、IPアドレス、電話番号、携帯電話番号、または支払処理に必要な他のデータです。購入契約の処理もそれぞれの順序に関連している、そのような個人データを、必要とします。

データの送信は、支払処理と詐欺防止を目的としています。伝送中の正当な利益が与えられた場合、コントローラは、具体的には、PayPalに個人データを転送します。PayPalとデータを処理するためのコントローラとの間でやり取り個人データは、経済的な信用機関へのPayPalによって送信されます。このトランスミッションは、アイデンティティと信用力チェックするためのものです。

PayPalは、必要であれば、これは契約上の義務を果たすか、順番に処理されるデータのためにする必要があるという程度に関連会社およびサービスプロバイダや下請業者に個人データを渡します。

データの対象は、ペイパルからいつでも個人情報の取り扱いについて同意を取り消す可能性があります。失効は、処理され使用されるか、または（契約）決済処理に応じて送信されなければならない個人データには影響を与えてはなりません。

ペイパルの該当するデータ保護規定が下取り出すことができ https://www.paypal.com/us/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-full。

21.データ伝送 Repetier-Host
Repetier-Host 唯一のWebサーバに接続します Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG更新を確認したり、広告コンテンツをダウンロードします。データ主体が第三者のカスタマイズされたホストのバージョンを使用している場合は、ホストが更新を確認するために、サードパーティのWebサーバに接続することができます。プログラムでは、それらをクリックすることで、標準的なブラウザで開くことができるウェブページへのリンクです。

Repetier-Host と通信することができます Repetier-Server 彼らが明示的に接続された場合、他のコンピュータ上で実行できるインスタンス。 Repetier-Host から/にデータを送信および/または受信することができます Repetier-Server Gコード、モデル、画像、プリンタ情報、すべての記憶されたモデルについて、...、3Dプリンターを制御し、格納されたデータを管理したいです。

Repetier-Host に3Dステータスメッセージを送信することができます Repetier-Informer アプリ、接続が明示的に設定されている場合。

22.データ伝送 Repetier-Server
Repetier-Server 唯一のWebサーバに接続します Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG更新を確認すると、入力したライセンスキーを検証します。データの対象は、カスタマイズを使用している場合 Repetier-Server第三者のバージョンでは、サーバが更新をチェックするために、サードパーティのWebサーバに接続することができます。プログラムでは、それらをクリックすることで、標準的なブラウザで開くことができるウェブページへのリンクです。

Repetier-Server と通信することができます Repetier-Host 彼らが明示的に接続された場合、他のコンピュータ上で実行できるインスタンス。 Repetier-Server から/にデータを送信および/または受信することができます Repetier-Host Gコード、モデル、画像、プリンタ情報、すべての記憶されたモデルについて、...、3Dプリンターを制御し、格納されたデータを管理したいです。

Repetier-Server に3Dステータスメッセージを送信することができます Repetier-Informer アプリ、接続が明示的に設定されている場合。

Repetier-ServerWebサーバと同じように動作し、任意の最近のWebブラウザでアクセスすることができます。ユーザのネットワーク構成に応じて、これはのみ、またはグローバル内部ことができます。このような理由から、私たちは非常にユーザー認証を有効にすることをお勧めします Repetier-Server。

データの対象は、接続することができます Repetier-Server へ Repetier クラウドサービスは、接続へのフルアクセスを取得します Repetier-Server 経由して許可されたユーザへのどこからでもインスタンス https://my.repetier.com。この機能を可能にするために、 Repetier クラウドサービスは、追加データを格納する必要があるともから送信されたサーバの状態、画像やプロセスデータをキャッシュすること Repetier-Server。

23.処理の法的根拠
アート。6（1）点灯 GDPRは、我々は特定の処理の目的のための同意を得る対象の業務を処理するための法的根拠として機能します。例えば、場合のように、個人データの処理は、データ対象がパーティされた契約の性能のために必要である場合には、処理操作が、供給品のまたは任意の他のサービスを提供するために必要な処理であります第6条（1）に基づいて点灯 bはGDPR。同じことが、当社の製品やサービスに関するお問い合わせの場合には、たとえば、事前に契約施策を実施するために必要な、このような処理操作に適用されます。個人データの処理は、処理がアートに基づいており、そのような納税義務の履行のためとして、必要とされる法律上の義務に当社の課題です。6（1）点灯 CのGDPR。まれに、個人データの処理は、データ主体のか、他の自然人の重大な利益を保護する必要があるかもしれません。訪問者は、医師、病院やその他の第三者に渡さなければならない私たちの会社と彼の名前、年齢、健康保険のデータやその他の重要な情報で負傷した場合、これは、例えば、ケースになります。その後の処理はアートに基づくことになります。6（1）点灯 dはGDPR。最後に、処理操作は、第6条（1）が点灯に基づくことができます F GDPR。この法的根拠は、上記の法的根拠のいずれかでカバーされていない操作を処理するために使用され、処理は当社または第三者が正当な利益追求の目的のために必要であれば、こうした利益は、個人データの保護が必要なデータ主体の興味や基本的権利と自由で上書きされている場合を除きます。彼らは、特に欧州の議員で言及されているので、このような処理操作は特に許容されます。彼は、データ主体は、コントローラ（リサイタル47文2 GDPR）のクライアントであれば正当な利益を想定することができることを考えました。

24.コントローラまたは第三者が追求した正当な利益
個人データの処理は、第6条（1）が点灯に基づく場合 F GDPR当社の正当な利益は、すべての従業員と株主の幸福を支持して事業を実施することです。

25.個人データが保管される期間
個人データの保存期間を決定するために使用される基準は、それぞれの法定保存期間です。その期間の満了後、対応するデータは、日常的であれば、もはや契約履行または契約の開始のために必要とされないように、削除されます。

26.法的または契約上の要件としての個人データの提供。 契約を締結するために必要な要件。 個人データを提供するためのデータ主体の義務。 そのようなデータを提供できなかった可能性のある結果
当社は、個人情報の提供の一部が法令（例えば税法）によって必要とされていることを明らかにするか、また、契約条項（契約上のパートナーの例えば情報）に起因することができます。場合によっては、データ主体がその後たちによって処理されなければならない個人データ、をご提供契約を締結する必要があるかもしれません。当社は、彼または彼女との契約に署名したときにデータ主体は、例えば、個人データをご提供する義務があります。個人データの非提供は、データ主体との契約を締結することができなかった結果を持っているでしょう。個人データは、データ主体によって提供される前に、データ主体は、当社のデータ保護責任者に連絡する必要があります。

27.自動化された意思決定の存在
責任ある企業として、我々は、自動意思決定やプロファイリングを使用しないでください。

このプライバシーポリシーは、プライバシーポリシージェネレータによって生成されました External Data Protection Officer (https://dg-datenschutz.de/services/external-data-protection-officer/?lang=en) から DGD Deutsche Gesellschaft für Datenschutz GmbH、と協力して開発されました WILDE BEUGER SOLMECKE | Lawyers (https://www.wbs-law.de/) そしてその used hardware dealer RC GmbH (http://remarketing.company/). 生成されたプライバシーポリシーが変更とによって拡張されました Hot-World GmbH & Co. KG.